[{
        "video": "Kidnapping_v1",
        "Duration": "00:02:23",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, top, black, shorts, way, home, man, T-shirt, blue, jeans, sneakers, approached, behind, grabbed, tried, fight, overpowered, began, dragging, house",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white top and black shorts was on her way home when a man in a black T-shirt, blue jeans, and white sneakers approached her from behind and suddenly grabbed her. She tried to fight back, but the man overpowered her and began dragging her away from the house. This appears to be a probable kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, top, black, shorts, way, home, man, T-shirt, blue, jeans, sneakers, approached, behind, grabbed, tried, fight, overpowered, began, dragging, house. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A disturbing incident was caught on camera as a woman wearing a white top and black shorts was making her way home. A man in a T-shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers approached from behind and suddenly grabbed her. The woman tried to fight back, but she was quickly overpowered. The attacker then began dragging her toward a nearby house, as she struggled to break free. The incident occurred in public view, raising serious concerns about safety.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded near a residential area. A woman, identifiable by her white top and black shorts, was targeted as she made her way home. A man, clad in a blue T-shirt, jeans, and sneakers, appeared from behind and attempted to grab her. The victim struggled valiantly, but the assailant, with surprising strength, tried to overpower her. The altercation spilled onto the street, becoming increasingly violent as the man began to drag her towards his direction. Neighbors were alerted, and the chaotic scene attracted attention, ending only when bystanders intervened, calling the authorities. The woman is currently receiving medical care; the suspect remains at large. Stay vigilant, and if you witness any suspicious activity, contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white top and black shorts, was on her way home in a residential area. A man in a dark T-shirt, blue jeans, and white sneakers approached her from behind. He grabbed her in a bear hug. The victim tried to fight, but was quickly overpowered. The assailant then began dragging her toward a nearby house before the footage ends.",
        "gemini": "Chilling neighborhood surveillance footage captures a predatory abduction as a woman wearing a white top and black shorts was on her way home after dark. A man in a T-shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers is seen as he approached her from behind and suddenly grabbed her. Though the victim bravely tried to fight off her attacker, she was quickly overpowered by his superior strength. The suspect then began dragging her toward a nearby house and out of the camera's view, leaving authorities to appeal for any information regarding the suspect's identity or the current location of the victim"
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v2",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "daylight, dog, barking, courtyard, man, wearing, orange, T-shirt, holding, taking, woman, dressed, black, pants, white, sneakers, attempted, resist, continued, stopping",
        "Human": "During daylight, a dog was barking in a courtyard as a man wearing an orange T-shirt was seen holding and forcefully taking away a woman dressed in black pants and white sneakers. The woman attempted to resist, but the man continued without stopping. This is likely a kidnapping case under investigation.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, dog, barking, courtyard, man, wearing, orange, T-shirt, holding, taking, woman, dressed, black, pants, white, sneakers, attempted, resist, continued, stopping. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A disturbing incident was caught on camera in daylight inside a courtyard, where a dog was barking loudly. A man wearing an orange T-shirt, holding and taking a woman dressed in black pants and white sneakers, was seen forcing her forward. The woman attempted to resist, struggling to pull away, but the man continued without stopping. The confrontation unfolded rapidly, underscoring the violent nature of the incident and raising serious concerns about public safety.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling scene unfolded in a residential courtyard. A man clad in an orange T-shirt was captured on camera, his dog relentlessly barking by his side. The man, wearing white sneakers, was seen attempting to take a resisting woman dressed in black pants and white sneakers. The woman fought back, her struggles apparent as she tried to break free from his grip. Witnesses reported the commotion continuing for several minutes before neighbors intervened, managing to stop the altercation. Police were promptly notified, and the area is currently under investigation. The community is urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "In a residential courtyard, a dog is heard barking persistently. Footage shows a man, wearing a distinctive orange T-shirt, holding a knife and taking a woman by the arm. The woman, dressed in black pants and white sneakers, attempted to resist and pull away. The assailant continued dragging her toward the street without stopping, despite the audible commotion, and forced her into a waiting vehicle.",
        "gemini": "Chilling neighborhood surveillance footage captures a predatory abduction as a woman wearing a white top and black shorts was on her way home after dark. A man in a T-shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers is seen as he approached her from behind and suddenly grabbed her. Though the victim bravely tried to fight off her attacker, she was quickly overpowered by his superior strength. The suspect then began dragging her toward a nearby house and out of the camera's view, leaving authorities to appeal for any information regarding the suspect's identity or the current location of the victim."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v3",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "daylight, pickup, van, parked, street, three, kidnappers, dressed, black, seen, attempting, abduct, woman, wearing, pink, T-shirt, lying, ground, video, shows, another, man, jacket, protecting, attack, realized, unable, take, fled, scene",
        "Human": "During daylight, a pickup van was parked on a street where three kidnappers dressed entirely in black were seen attempting to abduct a woman wearing a pink T-shirt who was lying on the ground. The video shows another man, wearing a black jacket, actively protecting the woman throughout the attack. When the kidnappers realized they were unable to take her, they fled the scene. Preliminary assessment suggests a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, pickup, van, parked, street, three, kidnappers, dressed, black, seen, attempting, abduct, woman, wearing, pink, T-shirt, lying, ground, video, shows, another, man, jacket, protecting, attack, realized, unable, take, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In daylight, a pickup van was parked on a street where three kidnappers, dressed in black, were seen attempting to abduct a woman wearing a pink T-shirt. She was lying on the ground as the video shows another man in a jacket protecting her from the attack. When the suspects realized they were unable to take her, they fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling incident unfolded on a bustling city street, captured on video. A pink T-shirted woman lies motionless on the pavement as three men dressed in black approach her pickup parked nearby. The video reveals another individual, clad in a jacket, valiantly trying to protect her. The trio is seen attempting to abduct the woman, but the bystander's quick response prevented their plan. As the struggle intensifies, a second man emerges from the open van door. Realizing the danger, the bystander realizes he is unable to stop them. The kidnappers, thwarted in their attempt, swiftly flee the scene, leaving behind an eerie silence and a sense of disbelief among the shocked onlookers. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. Remain vigilant, citizens. Your eyes could be our best defense against such crimes.",
        "deepseek": "In broad daylight, a white pickup van is seen parked on a residential street. Three kidnappers, all dressed in black, are seen attempting to abduct a woman wearing a pink T-shirt who is lying on the ground. The video shows another man in a leather jacket intervening and protecting the woman during the attack. The assailants, realizing they were unable to take her, fled the scene in the van.",
        "gemini": "Shocking daylight footage captures a brazen kidnapping attempt on a suburban street where a pickup van was parked in wait. The recording reveals three kidnappers dressed in black who are seen attempting to abduct a woman wearing a pink T-shirt. As the victim was forced to the lying ground, the video shows another man in a jacket heroically stepping in and protecting her from the violent attack. Once the suspects realized they were unable to take the victim due to the unexpected interference, they quickly fled the scene in the waiting vehicle."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v4",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "grey, pickup, van, parked, parking, lot, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, cap, seen, grabbing, woman, neck, dressed, red, top, burqa, shouting, dragged, pushed, front, seat",
        "Human": "A grey pickup van was parked in a parking lot when a man wearing a black T-shirt and cap was seen grabbing a woman by her neck. The woman, dressed in a red top and black burqa, was shouting as the man dragged her and pushed her toward the front seat of the van. This incident may constitute a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: grey, pickup, van, parked, parking, lot, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, cap, seen, grabbing, woman, neck, dressed, red, top, burqa, shouting, dragged, pushed, front, seat. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A grey pickup van was parked in a parking lot. A man wearing a black T-shirt and a cap was seen grabbing a woman by the neck. The woman was dressed in a red top and a burqa. She was shouting as he dragged her and pushed her toward the front seat. The disturbing incident was caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage from a parking lot captures a distressing incident involving a grey pickup truck and a minivan. A man, identifiable by his black T-shirt and cap, is seen exiting the grey vehicle. He approaches a woman, dressed in a red top with a distinctive red burqa, who is seated in the minivan. The man shouts as he grabs the woman's neck before forcefully pulling her out and pushing her into the front seat of the grey pickup. Bystanders are heard gasping in shock as the incident unfolds. Police have released this footage as part of their investigation, urging anyone with information to come forward. The incident remains under active investigation.",
        "deepseek": "Two women, one wearing a black burqa and the other in a green burqa, were walking along a roadside. A car suddenly approached and blocked their path. Two men dressed in white traditional clothing got out of the vehicle. They moved toward the woman in the black burqa, who was carrying a bag. The second woman tried to intervene but was physically held back and unable to stop them. The men lifted the first woman and placed her inside the car before fleeing the scene. A passing motorcyclist is seen slowing down, witnessing the entire incident.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing surveillance video from a secluded parking lot captures a violent abduction involving a grey pickup van that was parked and waiting for a target. The footage shows a man wearing a black T-shirt and a cap suddenly seen grabbing a woman by the neck as she passed his vehicle. The victim, dressed in a red top and a burqa, was heard shouting for help before she was forcefully dragged across the pavement. In a final act of aggression, the suspect pushed her into the front seat of the van and sped away, leaving the area before witnesses could intervene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v5",
        "Duration": "00:00:30",
        "keywords": "daylight, two, women, wearing, black, green, burqas, walking, road, car, approached, blocked, path, men, dressed, white, traditional, clothing, got, vehicle, moved, woman, burqa, carrying, bag, second, tried, intervene, unable, stop, lifted, placed, fleeing, scene, motorcyclist, seen, witnessing, incident",
        "Human": "During daylight, two women wearing black and green burqas were walking along a road when a car approached from behind and blocked their path. Two men dressed in white traditional clothing got out of the vehicle and moved toward the woman in the black burqa, who was carrying a bag. The second woman tried to intervene but was unable to stop them. The men then lifted the woman and forcibly placed her into the car before fleeing the scene. A motorcyclist was seen nearby witnessing the incident but did not intervene. Initial findings point toward a potential kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, two, women, wearing, black, green, burqas, walking, road, car, approached, blocked, path, men, dressed, white, traditional, clothing, got, vehicle, moved, woman, burqa, carrying, bag, second, tried, intervene, unable, stop, lifted, placed, fleeing, scene, motorcyclist, seen, witnessing, incident. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In daylight, two women wearing black and green burqas were walking along a road when a car approached and blocked their path. Men dressed in white traditional clothing got out of the vehicle and moved toward the woman in a burqa carrying a bag. The second woman tried to intervene but was unable to stop them. The victim was lifted, placed into the car, and the suspects were seen fleeing the scene. A motorcyclist was seen witnessing the incident as it unfolded.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, two women, attired in black-green burqas, were calmly strolling along a busy road. As they walked, a white car approached, stopped, and its occupants – traditionally dressed men – exited, blocking their path. The women, one of whom was carrying a bag, seemed distressed but made no overt attempt to escape. A second car, a swift motorcycle, pulled up, and a man dismounted, attempting to intervene. However, he was unable to halt the unfolding scene. With surprising force, one of the men from the first car lifted the woman still in her burqa and placed her into the vehicle, then quickly retreated as the motorcyclist watched in shock. Witnesses reported the second woman, now alone, picked up her bag and fled, leaving an eerie silence in her wake. The incident remains under investigation, with authorities urgently seeking any additional witnesses or information regarding this unsettling event.",
        "deepseek": "Nighttime footage shows a woman wearing a white shirt and pants crossing a road, accompanied by a companion dressed in a black jacket and cap. A black SUV stopped in front of them. Two men in hoodies stepped out and approached the woman. One tried to grab her and opened the vehicle's rear door as the other attempted to force her in. The victim resisted fiercely. In a sudden move, her companion pushed one kidnapper aside, moved to the SUV's driver’s seat, and drove away at high speed, leaving the would-be kidnappers in shock on the roadside.",
        "gemini": "Shocking daylight surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction as two women wearing black and green burqas were walking along a quiet road. A car suddenly approached and blocked their path, at which point several men dressed in white traditional clothing got out of the vehicle. The suspects moved aggressively toward the woman in the green burqa who was carrying a bag; although the second woman tried to intervene, she was unable to stop the assault. The kidnappers lifted the victim and placed her inside the car before fleeing the scene at high speed. A motorcyclist was seen witnessing the entire incident from a short distance as the vehicle sped away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v6",
        "Duration": "00:00:22",
        "keywords": "nighttime, woman, wearing, white, shirt, pants, crossing, road, companion, dressed, black, jacket, cap, SUV, stopped, front, men, hoodies, stepped, approached, tried, grab, opened, rear, door, vehicle, resisted, attempted, force, pushed, moved, driver’s, seat, drove, leaving, kidnappers, shock",
        "Human": "During nighttime, a woman wearing a white shirt and pants was crossing the road with her companion, who was dressed in a black jacket and cap. A black SUV stopped in front of them, and two men wearing black hoodies stepped out and approached the woman. One man tried to grab her while the other opened the rear door of the vehicle. The companion initially resisted as the men attempted to force the woman inside. However, once she was pushed into the SUV, the companion quickly moved to the driver’s seat and drove away with the woman, leaving the two kidnappers behind in visible shock. This could be a suspected kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: nighttime, woman, wearing, white, shirt, pants, crossing, road, companion, dressed, black, jacket, cap, SUV, stopped, front, men, hoodies, stepped, approached, tried, grab, opened, rear, door, vehicle, resisted, attempted, force, pushed, moved, driver’s, seat, drove, leaving, kidnappers, shock. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "At nighttime, a woman wearing a white shirt and pants was crossing the road with a companion dressed in a black jacket and cap when an SUV stopped in front of them. Men in hoodies stepped out and approached, tried to grab her, and opened the rear door of the vehicle. She resisted as they attempted to force her inside, pushed her forward, and moved her toward the driver’s seat. The SUV drove, leaving the kidnappers behind in shock as the camera captured the escape.",
        "Mistral": "At an unspecified time on a chilling night, surveillance cameras captured a harrowing incident. A woman, clad in a pristine white shirt and pants, was crossing a quiet, deserted road with a companion, both under the cloak of darkness. The woman's companion wore a black jacket, hood up, and a cap low over his eyes. Suddenly, an SUV stopped in front of them. Two men inside, also in hoodies, emerged from the vehicle. They approached the unsuspecting pair, attempting to grab the woman. In a bid for freedom, she resisted, but her efforts were met with force. One of the men opened the rear door of the SUV, suggesting an attempt at kidnapping. Her companion, sensing danger, pushed her away and moved towards the assailants. The driver, seemingly in on the plan, returned to the SUV, started the engine, and drove off, leaving the shocked couple behind. This incident remains under investigation, sending ripples of fear through the community.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a white shirt and black pants, was abducted in a public area. She was forcibly pushed into a white Mahindra Bolero by a group of men surrounding her. Several members of the public attempted to intervene. The suspects aggressively shut the vehicle door on the crowd, which then stepped back. The Bolero then sped away from the scene.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing nighttime surveillance footage has captured a harrowing attempted abduction as a woman wearing a white shirt and pants was crossing the road with a companion dressed in a black jacket and cap. A dark SUV suddenly stopped in front of them, and several men in hoodies stepped out and approached the pair. The suspects tried to grab the woman and opened the rear door of the vehicle to force her inside; however, the victim and her companion resisted the attempted force with immense struggle. In a desperate move to save herself, the woman pushed past the assailants and moved toward the driver’s seat of her own nearby car and drove away, leaving the frustrated kidnappers in visible shock as they fled the scene empty-handed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v7",
        "Duration": "00:00:15",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, shirt, black, pants, abducted, forcibly, pushed, Bolero, men, surrounding, public, attempted, intervene, aggressively, shut, vehicle, door, crowd, stepped, back, drove, away, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a white shirt and black pants was abducted and forcibly pushed into a white Bolero by two men dressed in black. Several people from the surrounding public attempted to intervene, but the men aggressively shut the vehicle’s door. The crowd stepped back as the Bolero drove away from the scene. The situation indicates a likely kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, shirt, black, pants, abducted, forcibly, pushed, Bolero, men, surrounding, public, attempted, intervene, aggressively, shut, vehicle, door, crowd, stepped, back, drove, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, dressed in a white shirt and black pants, was abducted, forcibly pushed into a Bolero as men stood surrounding her. Members of the public attempted to intervene, but the suspects aggressively shut the vehicle door. The crowd stepped back as the Bolero drove away from the scene, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, identifiable by her white shirt and black pants ensemble, was forcibly abducted in broad daylight. The incident unfolded in a bustling public area, with several men in proximity, one of whom is described as wearing a Bolero jacket. The woman was violently pushed into a waiting vehicle as the men surrounded her, displaying aggressive behavior. Bystanders, who had initially stepped back to observe, began to intervene, attempting to halt the abduction. However, the assailants shut the vehicle's door and drove off with the woman, leaving behind a shocked crowd. Police have been notified, and efforts are underway to identify the suspects involved in this harrowing incident. If you have any information related to this crime, please contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a white shirt and black pants, was forcibly pushed into a white Mahindra Bolero by multiple men surrounding her. The incident occurred in a public area. Several witnesses attempted to intervene. The abductors aggressively shut the vehicle door on the crowd, causing them to step back. The Bolero then drove away from the scene at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has surfaced showing a woman dressed in a white shirt and black pants being abducted in broad daylight. The video captures the moment she was forcibly pushed into a white Bolero by a group of men who were surrounding her to prevent escape. Members of the public who witnessed the assault attempted to intervene, but the suspects aggressively shut the vehicle door in their faces. Faced with the threat of violence, the crowd stepped back, and the kidnappers immediately drove away from the scene at high speed, leaving authorities to appeal for any information regarding the vehicle's license plate."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v8",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "white, car, stopped, behind, black, vehicle, man, dressed, blue, exited, garage, door, forcibly, dragged, woman, wearing, T-shirt, carrying, brown, jacket, covered, mouth, prevent, calling, help, forced",
        "Human": "A white car stopped behind a black vehicle as a man dressed in blue exited through a garage door and forcibly dragged a woman wearing a white T-shirt and carrying a brown jacket. The man covered her mouth to prevent her from calling for help and forced her into the white car. This matter seems to involve a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, stopped, behind, black, vehicle, man, dressed, blue, exited, garage, door, forcibly, dragged, woman, wearing, T-shirt, carrying, brown, jacket, covered, mouth, prevent, calling, help, forced. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white car stopped behind a black vehicle as a man, dressed in blue, exited a garage door. He forcibly dragged a woman wearing a T-shirt and carrying a brown jacket. Her mouth was covered to prevent calling for help, and she was forced away as the camera recorded the incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white car was captured on camera stopping behind a black vehicle in a residential area. The incident unfolded as a man, dressed in blue, exited the white car and forcefully opened the garage door. A woman, clad in a T-shirt and carrying a brown jacket, emerged from the garage, her mouth covered. The man, without any apparent provocation, began to forcibly drag the woman back into the garage.\n \n The victim, seemingly struggling, was heard calling out for help but was quickly silenced by the assailant. Witnesses reported that the woman appeared distressed and was visibly trying to prevent the attack. The incident is currently under investigation, with authorities urging anyone with information to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant and call the authorities immediately if you witness or suspect any form of distress or crime.",
        "deepseek": "A white sedan stopped behind a black vehicle in a residential driveway. A man, dressed in a blue shirt and dark pants, exited through the home's garage door. He immediately targeted a woman, wearing a white T-shirt and carrying a brown jacket. The assailant forcibly dragged her from the garage apron toward the waiting car. He covered her mouth to prevent her from calling for help and forced her into the white vehicle's rear seat. The car then sped away.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage reveals a calculated abduction as a white car stopped behind a black vehicle, waiting for the target to emerge. The video shows a man, dressed in blue, as he exited through a garage door and forcibly dragged a woman wearing a T-shirt and carrying a brown jacket. The victim's mouth was covered to prevent her from calling for help, and she was forced away into the waiting car as the camera recorded the incident in its entirety."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v9",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "woman, carrying, brown, bag, dressed, blue, jacket, black, skirt, restrained, man, wearing, red, lying, ground, footpath, scooter, held, kidnappers, arrived, white, van, attempted, place, vehicle, efforts, unsuccessful, continued, left, scene, members, public, arrived, assist",
        "Human": "A woman carrying a brown bag and dressed in a blue jacket and black skirt was being restrained by a man wearing a red jacket. She was lying on the ground on the footpath behind a red scooter as the man held her down. Shortly after, three kidnappers dressed in black arrived in a white van and attempted to forcibly place the woman inside the vehicle. Despite repeated efforts, they were unsuccessful because the man continued to restrain her. The kidnappers eventually left the scene in the van, and members of the public later arrived to assist the woman. Evidence tentatively suggests a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, carrying, brown, bag, dressed, blue, jacket, black, skirt, restrained, man, wearing, red, lying, ground, footpath, scooter, held, kidnappers, arrived, white, van, attempted, place, vehicle, efforts, unsuccessful, continued, left, scene, members, public, arrived, assist. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman carrying a brown bag, dressed in a blue jacket and black skirt, was seen restrained by a man wearing red, lying on the ground along a footpath near a scooter. She was held as kidnappers arrived in a white van and attempted to place her into the vehicle. Their efforts were unsuccessful, but they continued briefly before they left the scene. Members of the public arrived soon after to assist, as the camera kept rolling.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, dressed in a blue jacket and black skirt, was seen carrying a brown bag while walking along a footpath. She approached a man in red clothing who lay motionless on the ground. A second man, also present, seemed to be restraining the victim. The trio appeared to be in the company of a white van that had arrived at the scene.\n \n Witnesses reported that the kidnappers had tried to place the victim onto a scooter, but their efforts proved unsuccessful. The public, upon noticing the commotion, quickly gathered to assist the victim. Despite the intervention, the kidnappers managed to continue with their attempts before eventually leaving the scene. Police have been informed and are currently investigating this incident further.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, carrying a brown bag and dressed in a blue jacket and black skirt, was restrained by a man wearing a red shirt. The victim was lying on the ground on a public footpath. An accomplice on a scooter held back traffic as the kidnappers arrived in a white van. They attempted to place the struggling woman inside the vehicle, but her efforts to resist were unsuccessful in breaking free. The kidnappers, likely due to the growing attention, continued their struggle before ultimately left the scene without her as members of the public arrived to assist.",
        "gemini": "A woman, carrying a brown bag and dressed in a blue jacket and black skirt, was restrained by a man wearing a red shirt. The victim was lying on the ground on a public footpath. An accomplice on a scooter held back traffic as the kidnappers arrived in a white van. They attempted to place the struggling woman inside the vehicle, but her efforts to resist were unsuccessful in breaking free. The kidnappers, likely due to the growing attention, continued their struggle before ultimately left the scene without her as members of the public arrived to assist."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v10",
        "Duration": "00:00:27",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, yellow, saree, walking, footpath, silver-colored, SUV, slowed, stopped, store, man, dressed, blue, approached, vehicle, paused, another, white, lifted, roadside, forcibly, pushed, car, fleeing, scene",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a yellow saree was walking along the footpath when a silver-colored SUV slowed down and stopped near a store. Suddenly, a man dressed in blue approached the vehicle and paused there. He, along with another man dressed in white, lifted the woman from the roadside and forcibly pushed her into the car before fleeing the scene. This is being treated as a probable kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, yellow, saree, walking, footpath, silver-colored, SUV, slowed, stopped, store, man, dressed, blue, approached, vehicle, paused, another, white, lifted, roadside, forcibly, pushed, car, fleeing, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a yellow saree was walking along a footpath when a silver-colored SUV slowed and stopped near a store. A man dressed in blue approached the vehicle and paused. Moments later, another man in white lifted the woman from the roadside and forcibly pushed her into the car. The SUV was then seen fleeing the scene as the camera captured the incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly draped in a vibrant yellow saree, was seen walking along the footpath near a local store. A silver-colored SUV slowly approached, pausing momentarily before stopping. A man, clad in blue, exited the vehicle and approached the woman. The SUV then resumed movement, pausing again as the man, now at the roadside, forcibly lifted the woman and forced her into the vacated seat. Witnesses report the woman's struggles, but the man seemed unfazed as he drove away, leaving behind a shocked crowd gathered at the scene. Another white car appeared briefly, seemingly involved, before swiftly disappearing from the frame. The incident is currently under investigation, with authorities urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a yellow saree, was walking along a footpath. A silver-colored SUV slowed and stopped near a store. A man dressed in blue approached the vehicle and paused. Simultaneously, another man in a white shirt emerged from the roadside, lifted the woman, and forcibly pushed her into the waiting SUV. The vehicle then accelerated, fleeing the scene within seconds.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction in progress as a woman wearing a yellow saree was seen walking along a footpath. A silver-colored SUV slowed and then stopped near a local store, at which point a man dressed in blue approached the vehicle and paused for a moment. Suddenly, another individual in white appeared, and the two suspects lifted the victim from the roadside and forcibly pushed her into the car before fleeing the scene at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v11",
        "Duration": "00:00:25",
        "keywords": "white, car, stopped, deserted, road, man, dressed, black, stepped, rear, door, person, white, exited, front, seat, grabbed, woman, wearing, red, kurti, grey, shawl, forcefully, pushed, entered, vehicle, elderly, ran, drove, away, scene",
        "Human": "A white car stopped on a deserted road with no one else around. A man dressed in black stepped out from the rear door, while another person dressed in white exited from the front seat. The man in black grabbed a woman wearing a red kurti and a grey shawl and forcefully pushed her into the car. The man in white and another man dressed in black then entered the vehicle. Meanwhile, an elderly man dressed in white ran after the car as it drove away from the scene. Early indicators imply a potential kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, stopped, deserted, road, man, dressed, black, stepped, rear, door, person, white, exited, front, seat, grabbed, woman, wearing, red, kurti, grey, shawl, forcefully, pushed, entered, vehicle, elderly, ran, drove, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white car stopped on a deserted road when a man dressed in black stepped out from the rear door. Another person in white exited the front seat and grabbed a woman wearing a red kurti and grey shawl. She was forcefully pushed, entered the vehicle, as an elderly bystander ran toward the scene. The car drove away from the scene, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on camera, a white car came to a halt on a deserted road, its silence broken only by the distant hum of the wind. As the vehicle stopped, a man in black clothing emerged from the rear door, his actions immediately drawing attention. Inside the car, a woman, dressed elegantly in a red kurti and grey shawl, white-knuckled the front seat. The man approached her side, forcefully opening the door and aggressively pulling her out. Bystanders, unaware of the unfolding drama, continued their pace along the road.\n \n In shock, the woman stumbled as the man propelled her towards the car's open trunk. An elderly person, running towards the commotion, arrived at the scene just as the man shoved the woman into the vehicle's backseat. The car roared to life, tires screeching as it sped away, leaving behind a trail of dust and disbelief. This chilling event serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and the dangers that can lurk even on seemingly quiet roads.",
        "deepseek": "A white car stopped on a deserted road. A man dressed in black stepped from the rear door. A second person, in a white top, exited the front passenger seat. They simultaneously grabbed a woman, wearing a red kurti and grey shawl, from the roadside. She was forcefully pushed into the rear of the vehicle. An elderly bystander ran toward the scene but was unable to intervene. The car drove away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Harrowing surveillance footage from a deserted road captures a high-speed abduction as a white car stopped abruptly in the middle of the thoroughfare. A man dressed in black stepped out from the rear door while another person in white exited from the front seat; together, they grabbed a woman wearing a red kurti and a grey shawl. The victim was forcefully pushed into the back of the car as the suspects entered the vehicle to complete the kidnapping. An elderly bystander ran toward the car in a desperate attempt to help, but the assailants drove away from the scene before any intervention could be made."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v12",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, shirt, seen, pulling, woman, dressed, red, saree, leg, sat, rickshaw, another, black, joined, trying, drag, third, holding, stick, approached, assisted, attack, managing, pull, placed, car, passengers, stepped, bystanders, throwing, stones, kidnappers, sped, away, scene",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white shirt was seen pulling a woman dressed in a red saree by her leg as she sat inside a rickshaw. Another man in a black shirt joined in, also trying to drag her out, while a third man wearing a red shirt and holding a stick approached from behind and assisted in the attack. After managing to pull her out, the men forcibly placed the woman into a white car. At the same time, passengers from the black rickshaw stepped out, and bystanders began throwing stones at the kidnappers as the car sped away from the scene. The case may involve elements of kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, shirt, seen, pulling, woman, dressed, red, saree, leg, sat, rickshaw, another, black, joined, trying, drag, third, holding, stick, approached, assisted, attack, managing, pull, placed, car, passengers, stepped, bystanders, throwing, stones, kidnappers, sped, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man wearing a white shirt was seen pulling a woman dressed in a red saree by the leg as she sat in a rickshaw. Another man in black joined, trying to drag her out, while a third, holding a stick, approached and assisted the attack. They were managing to pull her free and placed her into a car. Nearby passengers stepped in as bystanders began throwing stones, but the kidnappers sped away from the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A man, clad in a white shirt, was seen pulling a woman dressed in a red saree from a rickshaw. Another man, attired in black, joined him, attempting to drag her further. A third individual, armed with a stick, approached, assisting in the attack. The victim, a woman, appeared to be struggling as she was being managed and pulled.\n \n The incident unfolded in the vicinity of a stationary car, where passengers seemed to have momentarily stepped out, but did not intervene. Bystanders, seemingly oblivious to the unfolding drama, continued their activities nearby. However, as the attack escalated, some onlookers started to throw stones at the perpetrators, causing them to hastily retreat.\n \n The kidnapping trio jumped into a waiting vehicle and sped away from the scene, leaving behind a shocked crowd and a harrowing reminder of the brutality that transpired. Authorities were immediately notified, and the search for the suspects is ongoing. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a white shirt is seen pulling a woman dressed in a red saree by the leg as she sat inside an auto-rickshaw. Another man, dressed in black, joined him, trying to drag her out. A third assailant, holding a stick, approached and assisted in the attack. The kidnappers were managing to pull her free and placed her into a waiting car. Nearby rickshaw passengers and bystanders stepped in, throwing stones at the vehicle. Despite the intervention, the kidnappers sped away from the scene with the woman.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing surveillance footage captures a violent abduction attempt as a man wearing a white shirt is seen pulling a woman dressed in a red saree by her leg while she sat in a rickshaw. Chaos erupted as another suspect in black joined in, both trying to drag the victim from the vehicle, while a third man holding a stick approached and assisted in the brutal attack. After managing to pull her free, they placed her into a waiting car; as nearby passengers stepped in to help, bystanders began throwing stones at the vehicle to stop the assault. Despite the intervention, the kidnappers sped away from the scene, leaving witnesses in shock."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v13",
        "Duration": "00:00:27",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, pullover, sky-blue, pants, black, spectacles, standing, doorstep, man, ran, behind, grabbed, lifted, dragged, road, forcibly, pushed, car, driving, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white pullover and sky-blue pants, along with black spectacles, was standing at her doorstep when a man suddenly ran up from behind. He grabbed her, lifted her, dragged her to the road, and forcibly pushed her into his car before driving away. This scenario is consistent with a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, pullover, sky-blue, pants, black, spectacles, standing, doorstep, man, ran, behind, grabbed, lifted, dragged, road, forcibly, pushed, car, driving, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing a white pullover, sky-blue pants, and black spectacles, was standing at a doorstep when a man ran from behind. He grabbed, lifted, and dragged her onto the road, then forcibly pushed her into a car. The vehicle was seen driving away, as the disturbing incident was caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV, a woman wearing a white pullover and sky-blue pants, with black spectacles, stood calmly on her doorstep. A man, unidentified, is seen running from behind, grabbing her, lifting her off her feet, and dragging her towards the road. The victim struggled, but the assailant forcibly pushed her onto the street before jumping into a nearby car and driving away at high speed. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident or the suspect's identity to come forward immediately. The woman is currently receiving medical attention; investigations are ongoing. Remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities to local law enforcement.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white pullover, sky-blue pants, and black spectacles, was standing on her doorstep. A man ran up from behind her, grabbed her, and lifted her off her feet. He dragged her across the front yard toward the road and forcibly pushed her into a waiting car. The vehicle was seen driving away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has captured a swift and violent abduction as a woman wearing a white pullover, sky-blue pants, and black spectacles was seen standing on her doorstep. The video reveals a man who ran from behind, suddenly grabbed the victim, and lifted her off her feet. He then dragged her toward the road where he forcibly pushed her into a waiting car. The vehicle was seen driving away from the residence within seconds, leaving no time for neighbors to intervene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v14",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "men, attempted, force, woman, back, white, car, got, vehicle, wearing, grey, T-shirt, light, blue, jeans, fell, ground, backed, resisting, stepped, pointed, gun, helpless, tried, drag, lift",
        "Human": "Two men attempted to force a woman into the back of a white car. One man initially got inside the vehicle, but the woman, wearing a grey T-shirt and light blue jeans, fell to the ground and backed away while resisting. The man then stepped out of the car and pointed a gun at the helpless woman. In the end, both men tried again to drag her and lift her into the vehicle. Current assessment leans toward a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, attempted, force, woman, back, white, car, got, vehicle, wearing, grey, T-shirt, light, blue, jeans, fell, ground, backed, resisting, stepped, pointed, gun, helpless, tried, drag, lift. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Men attempted to force a woman back into a white car after she got out of the vehicle. She was wearing a grey T-shirt and light blue jeans when she fell to the ground, backed away, and resisting. One suspect stepped forward and pointed a gun, leaving her helpless. They tried to drag and lift her as the camera continued recording.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera last night. A group of men, one wearing a grey T-shirt and light blue jeans, approached a woman in a parking lot, backing their white car towards her. The woman, who appeared to be in distress, was wearing a casual outfit and had fallen to the ground. One of the men, armed with a gun, stepped out of the vehicle and pointed it at the helpless victim. Despite her resistance, the men attempted to forcefully lift her, appearing to try and drag her into the vehicle. This blatant act of violence is currently under investigation by local authorities. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact the police immediately. Please remain vigilant and keep your community safe.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white pullover, sky-blue pants, and black spectacles, was standing on her doorstep. A man ran up from behind her, grabbed her, and lifted her off her feet. He dragged her across the front yard toward the road and forcibly pushed her into a waiting car. The vehicle was seen driving away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a harrowing abduction attempt as several men attempted to force a woman into the back of a white car. The recording shows the victim, who had just got out of her vehicle wearing a grey T-shirt and light blue jeans, as she fell to the ground while desperately resisting her attackers. As she backed away, one of the suspects stepped forward and pointed a gun at her, leaving the woman helpless against the threat. The assailants then tried to drag and lift her toward the open door of their car before the footage cuts away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v15",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "men, wearing, brown, outfit, black, turban, dressed, blue, dragging, woman, green, salwar, car, two-wheeled, vehicles, passed, nearby, several, people, gather, scene",
        "Human": "Three men—one wearing a brown outfit with a black turban and two others dressed in blue—were seen dragging a woman dressed in a green salwar toward a car. Meanwhile, two-wheeled vehicles passed by nearby, and several people began to gather at the scene. This incident is suspected to be a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, wearing, brown, outfit, black, turban, dressed, blue, dragging, woman, green, salwar, car, two-wheeled, vehicles, passed, nearby, several, people, gather, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Men, wearing a brown outfit and black turban, and another dressed in blue, were seen dragging a woman in a green salwar toward a car. Two-wheeled vehicles passed nearby as the struggle unfolded. Within moments, several people began to gather at the scene, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. Two men, clad in brown outfits and donning black turbans, were seen passing by in a blue car. A woman, attired in a green salwar suit, was forcefully being dragged by one of the individuals. The incident occurred near a busy intersection, where several people gathered upon noticing the commotion. Two-wheeled vehicles also slowed down as they passed the scene, adding to the growing crowd. Witnesses described the incident as distressing, with the woman visibly struggling against her captor. Authorities have been informed, and the investigation is currently underway. Anyone with information related to this incident is urged to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Two men, one wearing a brown outfit and black turban and the other dressed in blue, are seen dragging a woman in a green salwar toward a parked car. During the struggle, two-wheeled vehicles passed nearby. The men forced the victim into the vehicle. As the car sped off, several people began to gather at the scene.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a violent kidnapping as several men, with one wearing a brown outfit and a black turban and another dressed in blue, were seen dragging a woman in a green salwar toward a waiting car. The recording shows the struggle unfolding in broad daylight as multiple two-wheeled vehicles passed nearby, seemingly unaware of the crime in progress. The situation escalated rapidly until several people began to gather at the scene, forcing the suspects to speed away as witnesses attempted to record the license plate."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v16",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "daylight, car, seen, parked, parking, area, four, men, dressed, black, hoodies, trying, put, woman, blue",
        "Human": "At daylight, a car was seen parked in a parking area. Four men, dressed in black hoodies, were trying to put a woman into a blue car forcibly. Preliminary analysis indicates a likely kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, car, seen, parked, parking, area, four, men, dressed, black, hoodies, trying, put, woman, blue. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In daylight, a car was seen parked in a parking area as four men, dressed in black hoodies, were trying to put a woman in blue inside the vehicle. The disturbing incident was captured on camera as it unfolded.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling incident unfolded in the usually tranquil parking area. A blue car was seen parked, its occupants conspicuous. Four men, clad in black hoodies, were observed attempting to forcefully enter a nearby vehicle, a woman's car, identified by its distinctive blue hue. The scene is stark and unsettling; the four men, their faces obscured, seemed determined, their actions deliberate and menacing. The incident occurred in full view of passersby, yet no one intervened, their shock perhaps momentarily paralyzing them. Authorities are urgently seeking leads and encourage anyone with information to come forward. This serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant and cautious during daytime hours as well.",
        "deepseek": "In broad daylight, a car is seen parked in a public parking area. Four men, all dressed in black hoodies, surround a woman in a blue coat. They are trying to put her into the vehicle's rear seat as she struggles against them. The assault lasted approximately 20 seconds before the footage ends.",
        "gemini": "Shocking daylight surveillance footage captures a harrowing abduction attempt in progress as a car is seen parked in a secluded parking area. The video reveals four men dressed in black hoodies surrounding a woman in blue and trying to put her into the rear of the vehicle. The victim is seen struggling violently against the group as they attempt to overpower her in the open lot before fleeing the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v17",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, pullover, heels, seen, walking, road, carrying, handbag, entered, gate, man, followed, rushed, covered, mouth, began, pulling, large, gray, vehicle, arrived, scene, white, stepped, attempted, open, trunk, resisted, tried, escape, continued, restrain",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a black pullover and black heels was seen walking along a road carrying a handbag. As she entered through a gate, a man dressed in black followed her inside. He suddenly rushed toward her, covered her mouth, and began pulling her back. Meanwhile, a large gray vehicle arrived at the scene, and a man dressed in white stepped out and attempted to open the trunk. The woman resisted and tried to escape, but the man continued to restrain her. This may represent a kidnapping case in nature.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, pullover, heels, seen, walking, road, carrying, handbag, entered, gate, man, followed, rushed, covered, mouth, began, pulling, large, gray, vehicle, arrived, scene, white, stepped, attempted, open, trunk, resisted, tried, escape, continued, restrain. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, dressed in a black pullover and heels, was seen walking along a road, carrying a handbag, before she entered a gate. A man followed, rushed her, covered her mouth, and began pulling her toward a large, gray vehicle. A white car arrived at the scene, and another stepped out, attempted to open the trunk, but she resisted and tried to escape. The attackers continued to restrain her as the incident was caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in a black pullover and high heels, was captured on camera walking along a busy road, carrying a handbag. She entered a private gate on the side of the road, moments later, a man followed, rushing towards her with haste. The woman, seemingly distressed, began to resist as the man attempted to cover her mouth. A large, gray vehicle arrived at the scene, and the man rushed over to it. He tried to open the trunk, apparently intending for the woman to enter. The woman continued to struggle, attempting to escape. Bystanders, upon noticing, intervened, trying to restrain the man, but he resisted their efforts. Police were promptly called, and the incident is currently under investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a black pullover and heels, is seen walking down a residential road carrying a handbag. After she entered a property gate, a man followed her, rushed forward, and covered her mouth. He began pulling her back toward the street. A large gray vehicle arrived at the scene. A second man in white stepped out and attempted to open the trunk. The victim resisted and tried to escape, but both suspects continued to restrain her.",
        "gemini": "Shocking security footage captures a calculated abduction attempt as a woman dressed in a black pullover and heels was seen walking along a quiet road carrying a handbag. Just as she entered a residential gate, a man who had followed her rushed forward and covered her mouth to silence her screams. As he began pulling the victim backward, a large gray vehicle arrived at the scene; a second suspect dressed in white stepped out and attempted to open the trunk. Although the victim resisted with immense force and tried to escape, the primary assailant continued to restrain her, forcing her toward the vehicle before the footage abruptly ends."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v18",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "busy, area, man, riding, motorcycle, ground, wearing, brown, T-shirt, forcibly, made, woman, dressed, white, kurti, sit, bike, started, moving, away",
        "Human": "In a busy area, a man was riding a motorcycle when another man on the ground, wearing a brown T-shirt, forcibly made a woman dressed in a white kurti sit between them on the bike. The motorcycle then started moving away. The facts suggest a probable kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: busy, area, man, riding, motorcycle, ground, wearing, brown, T-shirt, forcibly, made, woman, dressed, white, kurti, sit, bike, started, moving, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In a busy area, a man riding a motorcycle fell to the ground but quickly recovered. Wearing a brown T-shirt, he forcibly made a woman, dressed in a white kurti, sit on the bike. He then started moving away as bystanders looked on, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV in a bustling urban district, a violent incident unfolded. A man clad in a brown T-shirt, riding a motorcycle, was seen forcibly making a woman dressed in a white kurti sit on his bike against her will. The woman resisted, but the man ignored her struggles as he started the bike and began moving away. Witnesses in the area were left stunned by this shocking display of violence in broad daylight. Police have been notified, and efforts are underway to identify the suspect and bring him to justice. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the need for vigilance and empathy in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from a busy market area shows a man riding a motorcycle pull over to the ground. Wearing a brown T-shirt, he immediately grabbed a woman dressed in a white kurti who was walking nearby. He forcibly made her sit on the bike behind him. Ignoring her attempts to pull away, he started the motorcycle and accelerated, moving away swiftly into congested traffic.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage from a busy area captures a brazen abduction in progress as a man riding a motorcycle is seen stopping near the ground where a struggle ensues. The suspect, wearing a brown T-shirt, forcibly made a woman dressed in a white kurti sit on the bike against her will. Despite the presence of onlookers, the assailant quickly started moving away, weaving through traffic and disappearing into the crowd with the victim."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v19",
        "Duration": "00:00:19",
        "keywords": "white, car, stopped, petrol, pump, man, wearing, white, hoodie, stepped, driver’s, seat, woman, dressed, cream-colored, top, tried, move, grabbed, forcibly, dragged, vehicle, drove, off",
        "Human": "A white car stopped at a petrol pump, and a man wearing a white hoodie stepped out from the driver’s seat along with a woman dressed in a cream-colored top. As the woman tried to move away, the man grabbed her and forcibly dragged her back into the car, after which the vehicle drove off. This appears consistent with a suspected kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, stopped, petrol, pump, man, wearing, white, hoodie, stepped, driver’s, seat, woman, dressed, cream-colored, top, tried, move, grabbed, forcibly, dragged, vehicle, drove, off. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white car stopped at a petrol pump when a man, wearing a white hoodie, stepped into the driver’s seat. A woman, dressed in a cream-colored top, tried to move, but he grabbed her, forcibly dragged her into the vehicle, and drove off, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera at a local gas station. A white car halted at the petrol pump, and a man clad in a white hoodie emerged from the driver's seat. Simultaneously, a woman dressed in a cream-colored top approached the vehicle. As the woman attempted to move past, the man forcefully stepped into the driver's seat. The woman recoiled, but he grabbed her, displaying a clear act of violence. With the vehicle now in motion, the woman was dragged off, leaving behind a stunned crowd. Authorities are urgently seeking information regarding this incident. If you have any details or were a witness, please contact your local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A white sedan stopped at a petrol pump. A man wearing a white hoodie stepped from the driver’s seat and approached a woman dressed in a cream-colored top who was standing nearby. As she tried to move away, he grabbed her arm. He then forcibly dragged her across the forecourt and into the passenger seat of his vehicle before driving off at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Shocking CCTV footage from a local petrol pump captures a brazen abduction as a white car stopped near the fueling station. The video shows a man wearing a white hoodie as he stepped out from the driver’s seat and approached a woman dressed in a cream-colored top. As the victim tried to move away, the suspect grabbed her and forcibly dragged her into the vehicle. Within seconds, the assailant drove off at high speed, leaving the scene before witnesses or staff could intervene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v20",
        "Duration": "00:01:09",
        "keywords": "green, car, traveling, road, large, white, vehicle, approached, front, stopped, people, stepping, smaller, pulled, followed, individuals, attempted, open, door, emerged, woman, managed, tried, escape, caught, forcibly, pushed, returned, cars, drove, away",
        "Human": "A green car was traveling along the road when a large white vehicle suddenly approached from the front and stopped, with two people stepping out. At the same time, a smaller white car pulled up from behind and closely followed the green car. The individuals from the larger vehicle attempted to open the door of the green car, while two more people emerged from the smaller car. The woman inside the green car managed to open the door and tried to escape, but she was caught and forcibly pushed back into the vehicle. Afterward, everyone returned to their respective cars, and the vehicles drove away. This development points to a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: green, car, traveling, road, large, white, vehicle, approached, front, stopped, people, stepping, smaller, pulled, followed, individuals, attempted, open, door, emerged, woman, managed, tried, escape, caught, forcibly, pushed, returned, cars, drove, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A green car was traveling along a road when a large, white vehicle approached from the front and stopped. People were seen stepping out of the smaller car and pulled the driver aside. Followed by other individuals who attempted to open the door, a woman emerged and managed to try to escape but was caught, forcibly pushed back. Both cars then drove away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on a surveillance camera, a large green car was seen traveling along the road, approaching a smaller white vehicle from the front. The white vehicle had come to a stop, and as people stepped out, a larger-than-average individual emerged from the green car. He approached the smaller vehicle, forcibly opened its door, and attempted to pull out one of the individuals inside.\n \n A woman, visibly struggling, tried to manage her situation while others nearby watched in shock. Despite their efforts, she was caught and forcibly returned to the vehicle. In a desperate attempt to escape, she continued to struggle, but the assailant refused to let go. Witnesses called out, but he ignored their pleas, continuing his assault.\n \n As the disturbing scene unfolded, other vehicles on the road drove by, seemingly oblivious to the unfolding drama. Eventually, the green car pulled away, leaving behind a traumatized group of individuals and a sense of unease among passersby. Police were immediately notified, and an investigation is currently underway to identify the assailant and bring him to justice.",
        "deepseek": "A green car was traveling on a rural road when a large white vehicle approached from behind, overtook it, and stopped in front, forcing it to halt. Several people stepped from both vehicles. The smaller green car was pulled over. Two individuals attempted to open its passenger door. A woman emerged and managed to run a short distance. She was caught, forcibly pushed back toward the white vehicle, and returned to it against her will. Both cars then drove away in the same direction.",
        "gemini": "Shocking dashcam footage captures a coordinated highway abduction as a green car traveling along a rural road was intercepted when a large, white vehicle approached from the front and stopped abruptly to block its path. The video reveals several people stepping out and swarming the smaller car, which was pulled over as the suspects followed through with a violent ambush. These individuals attempted to open the door until a struggle emerged; a woman managed to break free and tried to escape on foot, but she was quickly caught by the assailants. She was forcibly pushed into the larger vehicle before the suspects returned to their cars and drove away from the scene, leaving the green car abandoned on the shoulder."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v21",
        "Duration": "00:00:45",
        "keywords": "incident, took, place, night, footage, unclear, poor, lighting, individuals, walking, walkway, carrying, umbrella, men, got, car, abducted, appeared, woman, person, tried, intervene, pushed, attackers, forcibly, placed, fled, scene",
        "Human": "The incident took place at night, and the footage is unclear due to poor lighting. Two individuals were walking along a walkway carrying an umbrella when several men suddenly got out of a car and abducted one of them, who appeared to be a woman. The other person tried to intervene but was pushed aside by the attackers. The suspects then forcibly placed the woman into the car and fled the scene. Investigators consider this a likely kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: incident, took, place, night, footage, unclear, poor, lighting, individuals, walking, walkway, carrying, umbrella, men, got, car, abducted, appeared, woman, person, tried, intervene, pushed, attackers, forcibly, placed, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "The incident took place at night, and the footage is unclear due to poor lighting. Individuals were seen walking along a walkway, carrying an umbrella, when men got out of a car and abducted a woman. A person tried to intervene but was pushed aside. The attackers forcibly placed the woman into the vehicle and fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV during the early hours of the night, footage from a walkway camera reveals a series of troubling events. The poorly lit scene shows two individuals, one a woman and another, presumably men, all carrying umbrellas as they walk. Suddenly, one of the men approaches the woman, who seems to be struggling against him. As he gets hold of her, another individual tries to intervene but is pushed back by the attackers. Forcibly, the men place the woman into a waiting car before swiftly driving away. The scene remains chaotic as people nearby seem shocked, with no one immediately attempting to stop them. The police have been notified and are currently investigating this incident further. If you have any information regarding this case, please contact local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "The incident took place at night; the footage is unclear due to poor lighting. Several individuals were walking along a covered walkway, one carrying a large umbrella. Two men got out of a parked car and abducted one person, who appeared to be a woman. Another person on the walkway tried to intervene but was violently pushed to the ground. The attackers then forcibly placed the victim into their vehicle and fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has emerged of an incident that took place at night, though the footage remains unclear due to poor lighting conditions. The recording shows two individuals walking along a secluded walkway carrying an umbrella to shield themselves from the rain when a group of men suddenly got out of a parked car. In a swift and violent move, the suspects abducted what appeared to be a woman; when the second person tried to intervene, they were brutally pushed aside by the attackers. The victim was forcibly placed into the vehicle before the suspects fled the scene at high speed, leaving authorities searching for leads in the darkness."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v22",
        "Duration": "00:00:14",
        "keywords": "white, pickup, van, parked, side, road, video, shows, group, people, forcibly, pushing, individual, vehicle, fleeing, scene, recorded, daylight",
        "Human": "A white pickup van was parked on the side of the road. The video shows a group of people forcibly pushing an individual into the vehicle before fleeing the scene. The incident was recorded during daylight. This event may qualify as a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, pickup, van, parked, side, road, video, shows, group, people, forcibly, pushing, individual, vehicle, fleeing, scene, recorded, daylight. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white pickup van was parked on the side of a road when video shows a group of people forcibly pushing an individual into the vehicle. The van is then seen fleeing the scene, all recorded in daylight.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling incident unfolded along a suburban road, captured vividly on CCTV. A white pickup truck, idling by the curb, is central to this unsettling tale. As the scene unravels, a group of individuals can be seen forcibly pushing an individual towards the parked vehicle's side. The victim appears resistant, struggling against their assailants. Suddenly, the white pickup revs up, as if sensing the imminent chaos. With a swift maneuver, the vehicle lurches forward, striking the fleeing individual. The entire scene plays out under the harsh glare of daylight, leaving a haunting image etched into the minds of those who bear witness. The recorded footage has been handed over to authorities, hoping to bring justice to the heart-wrenching tableau.",
        "deepseek": "A white pickup van was parked on the side of a residential road. Video, recorded in broad daylight, shows a group of four people surrounding an individual. They forcibly push the struggling victim into the rear cabin of the van before quickly entering the vehicle themselves and fleeing the scene.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage recorded in broad daylight captures a violent abduction as a white pickup van sat parked on the side of a quiet road. The video shows a group of people suddenly swarming an unsuspecting victim and forcibly pushing the individual into the rear of the vehicle. Within seconds of the struggle, the suspects are seen jumping inside and fleeing the scene at high speed. Authorities are now reviewing the footage to identify the license plate and the suspects involved in this brazen daylight attack."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v23",
        "Duration": "00:00:59",
        "keywords": "parking, area, crowded, cars, vehicle, stopped, entrance, door, open, man, dressed, black, woman, white, got, grabbed, woman, crossing, road, forcing, attempts, escape, people, restrained, seated, inside, others, entered, drove, away",
        "Human": "In a parking area crowded with cars, a vehicle stopped at the entrance with its door open. A man dressed in black and a woman in white got out and grabbed a woman who was crossing the road, forcing her into the car despite her attempts to escape. Three people restrained and seated her inside while the others got into the vehicle, which then drove away. Available information hints at a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: parking, area, crowded, cars, vehicle, stopped, entrance, door, open, man, dressed, black, woman, white, got, grabbed, woman, crossing, road, forcing, attempts, escape, people, restrained, seated, inside, others, entered, drove, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In a parking area crowded with cars, a vehicle stopped near the entrance with its door open. A man, dressed in black, grabbed a woman in white who had got out while crossing the road, forcing her inside despite her attempts to escape. People nearby restrained her briefly, but she was seated inside as others entered the vehicle, which then drove away, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage captures a distressing incident in a busy parking area. A crowded scene of cars and vehicles is disrupted as a black-clad individual stops his vehicle at the entrance, opens the door, and exits. He forces his way through the throng, focusing on a white woman crossing the road. The man grabs her, attempting to pull her towards his car, but she struggles valiantly to escape. Witnesses rush to the scene, trying to restrain the assailant while he continues to attempt escape. Remarkably, another man, also dressed in black, enters the picture, seemingly in response to the commotion. He seats himself inside the suspect's vehicle and drives it away, leaving the scene. Authorities urge vigilance and immediate reporting of any similar incidents to ensure the safety of all citizens.",
        "deepseek": "In a busy parking area crowded with cars, a dark vehicle stopped at the entrance with its rear door already open. A man dressed in black got out. He immediately grabbed a woman in a white top who was crossing the access road, forcing her toward the car despite her attempts to escape. Several people nearby restrained her as she fought, finally forcing her to be seated inside. Others from the group quickly entered the vehicle, which then drove away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction in a congested parking area crowded with cars. The vehicle is seen as it stopped abruptly near the entrance with the door already open. A man dressed in black and a woman in white got out and immediately grabbed a second woman who was crossing the road. Despite her desperate attempts to escape, the suspects were seen forcing her toward the car. The victim was restrained and seated inside the back seat as the others involved quickly entered the vehicle and drove away from the scene, disappearing into traffic."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v24",
        "Duration": "00:00:22",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, vest, black, shorts, lifts, woman, dressed, pink, shorts, black, hoodie, shoulder, takes, car, places, red, driving, away, nearby, person, white, stands, close, departs",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white vest and black shorts lifts a woman dressed in pink shorts and a black hoodie over his shoulder, takes her from a black car, and places her into a red car before driving away. Nearby, another person dressed in white stands close to the black car and also departs shortly afterward. This is provisionally classified as a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, vest, black, shorts, lifts, woman, dressed, pink, shorts, black, hoodie, shoulder, takes, car, places, red, driving, away, nearby, person, white, stands, close, departs. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, wearing a white vest and black shorts, lifts a woman dressed in pink shorts and a black hoodie over his shoulder. He takes her to a car, places her inside, and starts driving away. A nearby person in white stands close as the vehicle departs, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A man, identifiable by his white vest and black shorts, is seen lifting a woman clad in pink shorts and a black hoodie into a red car. The woman appears visibly distressed. The car, with the suspect inside, swiftly drives away, leaving a nearby individual in white standing close, seemingly witnessing the event but quickly departing soon after. The incident occurred near a residential area, and authorities are urgently seeking information to identify the suspect and ensure the woman's safety. If you have any details about this incident or recognize the individuals involved, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man, wearing a white vest and black shorts, is seen casually lifting a woman dressed in pink shorts and a black hoodie over his shoulder. He takes her to a waiting car and places her in the back seat of a red sedan before driving away. A nearby person in a white shirt stands watching in close proximity but does not intervene and departs the area after the car leaves.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a swift and disturbing abduction as a man wearing a white vest and black shorts lifts a woman over his shoulder. The victim, dressed in pink shorts and a black hoodie, appears unable to break free as the suspect takes her toward a waiting car. He places her inside the red vehicle before immediately driving away from the area. The video further reveals a nearby person in white who stands close to the scene as the abduction unfolds, only to watch as the vehicle departs at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v25",
        "Duration": "00:00:13",
        "keywords": "car, arrives, road, stops, sidewalk, people, dressed, white, get, forcibly, put, woman, drives, away",
        "Human": "A car arrives on the road and stops on the sidewalk. From it, two people dressed in white get out and forcibly put a woman into the car, and then the car drives away. The circumstances suggest a potential kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: car, arrives, road, stops, sidewalk, people, dressed, white, get, forcibly, put, woman, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A car arrives on the road and stops near the sidewalk. People, dressed in white, get out and forcibly put a woman into the vehicle. The car then drives away, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded on Main Street yesterday evening. A white car, model unidentified, was captured on CCTV arriving at the intersection, stopping abruptly on the road before the sidewalk. Witnesses report a commotion as three individuals, casually dressed, got out of the vehicle. They forcibly removed a woman from another car parked on the street. The distressed woman seemed to struggle against her captors. The white car then swiftly drove away, leaving behind a stunned crowd. The authorities have been notified and are currently investigating this violent abduction. If you have any information regarding this incident or recognize any of the individuals involved, please contact your local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A dark-colored car arrives on a suburban road and stops abruptly at the sidewalk. Two people dressed in white get out. They forcibly put a woman standing nearby into the rear of the vehicle. The car then immediately drives away, leaving no time for bystander intervention.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a brazen kidnapping in progress as a car arrives on a quiet road and stops abruptly along the sidewalk. The video shows several people dressed in white as they get out of the vehicle and swarm a victim. Within seconds, the suspects forcibly put a woman into the back of the car, ignoring her struggle. The vehicle then speeds off and drives away from the area, leaving authorities to appeal for any witnesses who may have been in the vicinity."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v26",
        "Duration": "00:00:30",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, gray, t-shirt, cap, counter, woman, pink, top, wearing, shorts, talks, covers, mouth, forcibly, grabs, hands, makes, get, mini, truck, drives, away",
        "Human": "A man, dressed in a gray t-shirt and a cap, is at the counter behind a woman dressed in pink top and wearing shorts. He talks to her, then covers her mouth, forcibly grabs her hands, and makes her get into his mini truck, and then he drives away. This remains a likely kidnapping case at this stage.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, gray, t-shirt, cap, counter, woman, pink, top, wearing, shorts, talks, covers, mouth, forcibly, grabs, hands, makes, get, mini, truck, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, dressed in a gray t-shirt and cap, approached a counter where a woman in a pink top and shorts was talking. He covers her mouth, forcibly grabs her hands, and makes her get into a mini truck, which then drives away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A man, identifiable by his gray t-shirt, cap, and gray shorts, is seen at a local convenience store counter. He's engaged in conversation with a woman, who is wearing a pink top and shorts. Suddenly, the man covers his mouth, forcibly grabs the woman's hands, and makes her get into a mini-truck parked outside. The man then gets behind the wheel, starts the engine, and drives away, leaving the scene in chaos. Authorities are urgently seeking information about this incident and the suspect's vehicle. If you have any details or saw this occurrence, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man, dressed in a gray t-shirt and baseball cap, approaches a shop counter. He engages a woman in a pink top and shorts in conversation. He then suddenly covers her mouth, forcibly grabs her hands, and makes her get into a white mini-truck parked outside. The suspect drives away immediately.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage from inside a commercial establishment captures a terrifying abduction as a man dressed in a gray t-shirt and a cap stands at the counter. A woman in a pink top wearing shorts talks to him briefly before the suspect suddenly covers her mouth to stifle her screams. He forcibly grabs her hands and makes her get into the back of a waiting mini truck. Within moments, the suspect drives away from the scene, leaving authorities to launch an urgent search for the vehicle and the victim."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v27",
        "Duration": "00:00:23",
        "keywords": "white, car, parked, road, man, dressed, yellow, t-shirt, gets, people, return, forcibly, grab, another, putting, vehicle, sits, pillion, rider’s, seat, starts, moving, others, try, stop",
        "Human": "A white car is parked on the road, and a man dressed in a yellow t-shirt gets out of it. Meanwhile, some people return and forcibly grab another man, putting him into the car. They also get into the vehicle, and the man in the yellow t-shirt sits on the pillion rider’s seat, after which the car starts moving. The others try to stop them. Initial review supports a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, parked, road, man, dressed, yellow, t-shirt, gets, people, return, forcibly, grab, another, putting, vehicle, sits, pillion, rider’s, seat, starts, moving, others, try, stop. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white car was parked on the road when a man, dressed in a yellow t-shirt, gets out. People nearby return as he forcibly grabs another person, putting them into the vehicle. He then sits on the pillion of the rider’s seat as the car starts moving, while others try to stop it, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white car, parked on a bustling road, became the center of a disturbing incident. A man, dressed casually in a yellow t-shirt, forcibly grabbed another individual who was returning to their vehicle. The victim had just parked and was about to get into their vehicle, sitting as a pillion rider's seat. As the crowd gathered, the aggressor put the vehicle in motion, with the victim unwillingly in tow. The incident caused a stir among other passersby, who tried to intervene, but the car managed to move away from the scene. This shocking display of violence serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and community awareness. Police have been notified, and efforts are underway to identify and apprehend the perpetrator.",
        "deepseek": "A white car is parked on a narrow road. A man dressed in a distinctive yellow t-shirt gets out as two other people return to the vehicle. He then runs forward to forcibly grab another individual from the sidewalk, putting them into the car. A motorcycle sits nearby with a pillion rider's seat empty. The white car starts moving immediately as others in the vicinity try to stop it, but fail.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a violent confrontation on a suburban street where a white car was parked along the road. The video shows a man dressed in a yellow t-shirt as he gets out of the vehicle just before several people return to the scene. In a sudden surge of violence, the group forcibly grab another individual, putting them into the back of the vehicle against their will. Amidst the chaos, one suspect sits on a motorcycle pillion rider’s seat as the bike starts moving to facilitate an escape, even as others nearby desperately try to stop the car from fleeing."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v28",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, blue, shirt, woman, petrol, pump, black, suit, forcibly, makes, get, bike, ridden, another, man, tries, get, starts, moving",
        "Human": "A man dressed in a blue shirt is with a woman at a petrol pump, and the woman is dressed in a black suit. He forcibly makes her get onto a black bike, which is being ridden by another man in black. The boy also tries to get on, but the bike starts moving. This is assessed as a probable kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, blue, shirt, woman, petrol, pump, black, suit, forcibly, makes, get, bike, ridden, another, man, tries, get, starts, moving. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, dressed in a blue shirt, approached a woman at a petrol pump, wearing a black suit, and forcibly makes her get on a bike. The bike was then ridden as another man tries to intervene while it starts moving, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man clad in a blue shirt and black trousers, presumably a businessman due to his professional attire, was captured on camera committing a heinous act at a local gas station. The incident took place around 9 PM at a busy petrol pump, where the suspect, while forcefully grabbing a woman, made her get onto a motorbike he had ridden earlier. A second man, also present, attempted to start a separate motorbike nearby, as if complicit in the crime or perhaps oblivious to the unfolding chaos. Witnesses describe the woman's terrified cries echoing amidst the hum of the gas pumps and engines. Police are currently investigating this appalling case of kidnapping and seeking any leads related to the two men and their potential accomplices. The public is urged to remain vigilant and report any information that could aid in the capture of these individuals.",
        "deepseek": "At a petrol pump, a man dressed in a blue shirt approaches a woman in a black suit. He forcibly makes her get onto the back of a motorcycle ridden by another man. The victim tries to get off, but the bike starts moving immediately, carrying her away as she struggles.",
        "gemini": "Shocking CCTV footage from a local petrol pump has captured a brazen abduction in progress. The video shows a man dressed in a blue shirt approaching a woman wearing a black suit. Without warning, he forcibly makes her get onto a bike being ridden by another man. As the victim desperately tries to get away and resist her attackers, the motorcycle starts moving, speeding out of the station and into traffic."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v29",
        "Duration": "00:00:22",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, white, pulls, woman, wearing, white, drags, shop, cars, parked, road, another, follows, grabs, helps, bring, store",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white pulls a woman, who is also wearing white, and drags her into a shop. Several cars are parked along the road nearby. Another man follows behind, grabs the woman as well, and helps bring her into the store. The incident aligns with a suspected kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, white, pulls, woman, wearing, white, drags, shop, cars, parked, road, another, follows, grabs, helps, bring, store. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, dressed in white, pulls a woman wearing white and drags her toward a shop along a road lined with cars parked nearby. Another man follows, grabs, and helps to bring her inside the store, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white-clad man was captured on camera engaging in a violent altercation in broad daylight. The incident unfolded on a busy city street, where a woman, also clad in white, was seen being physically dragged by the man towards a row of parked cars. Witnesses reported that the man, who appeared to be in his late 30s, had initially approached the woman while she was shopping at a nearby store. As he followed her, he allegedly grabbed her arm, attempting to help her carry her purchases. However, the situation escalated when he refused to let go, instead pulling her forcefully towards his vehicle. Bystanders intervened, managing to separate the two before the man could bring her nearer to his car. Authorities are currently investigating this incident as an aggravated assault, urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A man, dressed in a white shirt, pulls a woman wearing a white kurta from the entrance of a shop. He drags her toward several cars parked on the road. Another man follows closely, grabs the victim, and helps forcibly bring her to a waiting vehicle. The pair then push her into the back seat of the car before it speeds away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a violent abduction attempt as a man dressed in white suddenly pulls a woman wearing white from the sidewalk. The video shows the suspect as he drags her toward a nearby shop, past several cars parked along the road. As the victim struggles to break free, another man follows closely behind, grabs her, and helps the first assailant bring her into the store and out of public view."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v30",
        "Duration": "00:00:42",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, shirt, drags, woman, dressed, black, assisted, another, woman, green, sari, follows, attempt, force, car, resists, manage, make, sit, begins, move, crowd, gathers, watches, intervene, drives, away",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white shirt drags a woman dressed in black, assisted by another woman in a green sari. A second man in a white shirt follows behind. Together, they attempt to force the woman into a car. Although she resists, they manage to make her sit inside, and the car begins to move. A crowd gathers and watches but does not intervene, and eventually the car drives away. This case may be indicative of kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, shirt, drags, woman, dressed, black, assisted, another, woman, green, sari, follows, attempt, force, car, resists, manage, make, sit, begins, move, crowd, gathers, watches, intervene, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, wearing a white shirt, drags a woman dressed in black, assisted by another woman in a green sari who follows the attempt to force her into a car. The victim resists but they manage to make her sit as the vehicle begins to move. A crowd gathers and watches, attempting to intervene, but the car drives away, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a disturbing incident in broad daylight. A man, identifiable by his white shirt, is seen forcibly dragging a woman dressed in black. In proximity, another woman, adorned in a green sari, attempts to assist but is unable to prevent the altercation. The victim resists fiercely, managing to make some initial headway before being overpowered. The perpetrator then forces the women into a nearby car. Bystanders begin to gather, watching in shock as the incident unfolds. As the situation escalates, a small crowd starts to intervene, attempting to stop the car as it moves off with their fellow citizen. The video ends abruptly, leaving the outcome unclear. Police are urgently investigating this incident, and anyone with information or footage is encouraged to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a white shirt is seen dragging a woman dressed in black along the roadside. He is assisted by another woman in a green sari, who follows closely. In an attempt to force the victim into a parked car, she resists fiercely. They manage to make her sit in the rear seat as the car begins to move. A crowd gathers and watches, but does not intervene. The vehicle then drives away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a violent abduction in progress as a man wearing a white shirt drags a woman dressed in black toward a waiting vehicle. The assailant is assisted by another woman in a green sari who follows closely behind, and together they attempt to force the victim into the car. Although the victim fiercely resists the assault, the suspects manage to make her sit inside the vehicle just as it begins to move. A crowd of bystanders gathers nearby and watches the struggle unfold, but they fail to intervene before the car drives away from the scene at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v31",
        "Duration": "00:00:54",
        "keywords": "man, white, dress, cloth, head, pulling, woman, blue, dress, woman, dressed, black, saree, trying, stop, takes, corridor, another, woman, blue, suit, comes, tries, rescue, hitting, charges, started, drag, lying, floor",
        "Human": "A man in a white dress with a white cloth covering his head is pulling a woman in a blue dress. and woman dressed in black saree was trying to stop him but He takes both of them to the corridor. Then a another woman in blue suit comes and tries to rescue the women by hitting the man. The man then charges at the woman in blue suit and at the end it was seen he started to drag one of the woman lying on floor. Preliminary observations suggest kidnapping involvement.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, white, dress, cloth, head, pulling, woman, blue, dress, woman, dressed, black, saree, trying, stop, takes, corridor, another, woman, blue, suit, comes, tries, rescue, hitting, charges, started, drag, lying, floor. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, white in dress with a cloth on his head, was pulling a woman in a blue dress down a corridor. Another woman, dressed in a black saree, tried to stop him, while a third woman in a blue suit comes to rescue, hitting and charging at him. The attacker started to drag the victim, who was lying on the floor, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white-dressed man was captured on CCTV cameras in a corporate building, aggressively pulling a woman in a blue dress who was wearing a traditional black saree. The incident unfolded in a crowded corridor as another woman in a blue business suit attempted to intervene. As the woman in the suit tried to stop the altercation, the man, in a violent outburst, began hitting and charging at his target, causing a commotion that drew attention from other office workers. The distressed woman ended up lying on the floor, with the man continuing to pull her. A second woman, who had been observing, stepped forward and appeared to be trying to rescue the victim, but the situation escalated further. Witnesses reported that the man dragged the woman across the floor before security personnel arrived and forcibly separated them. Police have since identified the man and are currently investigating this act of violence.",
        "deepseek": "A man in white with a cloth covering his head is seen pulling a woman in a blue dress down a corridor. A second woman, dressed in a black saree, is trying to stop him. He takes the victim into a side hallway. Another woman in a blue suit comes forward and tries to rescue her by hitting the assailant. The attacker charges at this rescuer. The assault started when he attempted to drag the first victim, who was seen lying on the floor moments earlier",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has emerged of a violent assault in a residential hallway. The video shows a man in a white dress with a cloth wrapped around his head aggressively pulling a woman in a blue dress. A second woman, dressed in a black sari, is seen trying to stop the attacker as he takes the victim through a corridor. The situation escalates as another woman in a blue suit comes into view and tries to rescue the victim by hitting the assailant. The suspect then charges at the group and has started to drag the primary victim while she is lying on the floor, disappearing from the camera's line of sight."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v32",
        "Duration": "00:00:16",
        "keywords": "deserted, road, auto, rickshaw, parked, nearby, man, wearing, black, shirt, walks, carrying, woman, dressed, white, top, pants, shoulder, moving, straight, ahead",
        "Human": "On a deserted road, an auto rickshaw is parked nearby. A man wearing a black shirt walks along the road carrying a woman dressed in a white top and pants over his shoulder, moving straight ahead. This appears to involve a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: deserted, road, auto, rickshaw, parked, nearby, man, wearing, black, shirt, walks, carrying, woman, dressed, white, top, pants, shoulder, moving, straight, ahead. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a deserted road, an auto rickshaw was parked nearby when a man, wearing a black shirt, walks by carrying a woman dressed in a white top and pants over his shoulder, moving straight ahead, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling incident was captured on CCTV along a deserted road near a parked auto-rickshaw. The footage reveals a man clad in a black shirt walking purposefully, carrying no obvious belongings. As he moves straight ahead, a woman dressed in a white top and pants is seen walking parallel to him, also seemingly unaccompanied.\n \n The woman, who appears to be in distress, is observed having her shoulders visibly tremble as she walks. The man, without slowing down or showing any signs of concern, continues his path. This strange behavior piqued the attention of passersby, who noticed the peculiar interaction between the two individuals.\n \n Suddenly, the man alters his course, moving towards the woman. The footage shows him reaching out, touching her shoulder gently before continuing forward, leaving her behind. The woman seems disoriented but not distressed enough to call for help.\n \n The incident remains under investigation, with authorities urging anyone who may have witnessed this event or has information regarding the individuals involved to come forward. The public is reminded to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities to local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "On a deserted road, an auto-rickshaw is parked nearby. A man wearing a black shirt walks purposefully, carrying a woman dressed in a white top and pants over his shoulder. He is seen moving straight ahead toward the waiting auto-rickshaw without breaking stride",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage from a deserted road has captured a deeply concerning scene where an auto rickshaw is seen parked nearby. The video shows a man wearing a black shirt as he walks with determination, carrying a woman dressed in a white top and pants over his shoulder. The victim appears unresponsive as the suspect is seen moving straight ahead, disappearing into the distance beyond the reach of the cameras."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v33",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "silver, car, parked, sidewalk, busy, road, vehicles, passing, man, wearing, black, hoodie, gets, driver’s, seat, walks, toward, woman, white, full, shirt, standing, doorway, grabs, hair, drags, car",
        "Human": "A silver car is parked on the sidewalk beside a busy road with many vehicles passing by. A man wearing a black hoodie gets out of the driver’s seat and walks toward a woman in a white full shirt who is standing at a doorway. He grabs her by the hair and drags her into his car. This remains under review as a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: silver, car, parked, sidewalk, busy, road, vehicles, passing, man, wearing, black, hoodie, gets, driver’s, seat, walks, toward, woman, white, full, shirt, standing, doorway, grabs, hair, drags, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A silver car was parked on the sidewalk of a busy road with vehicles passing by when a man, wearing a black hoodie, gets into the driver’s seat. He then walks toward a woman in a white full shirt, standing at a doorway, grabs her hair, and drags her toward the car, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV footage, a disturbing incident unfolded on a bustling street. A man, clad in a black hoodie, approaches a parked silver car on the sidewalk. He forcefully gains entry, getting into the driver's seat. As traffic continues to flow on the busy road, the man exits the vehicle and starts walking towards a woman standing near a doorway, dressed in a white full shirt. In a chilling sequence, he grabs her by the hair and proceeds to drag her towards the car. The incident has been reported to authorities and they are urgently seeking leads. Witnesses are encouraged to come forward with any relevant information. This incident serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant in populated areas.",
        "deepseek": "A silver car is parked on the sidewalk of a busy road with other vehicles passing. A man wearing a black hoodie gets out of the driver's seat. He walks directly toward a woman in a white full-sleeve shirt standing in a shop doorway. He grabs her by the hair and drags her across the pavement, forcing her into the passenger seat of the car before speeding off.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a violent abduction in a busy area where a silver car was parked on the sidewalk. Despite numerous vehicles passing by on the road, the video shows a man wearing a black hoodie as he gets out of the driver’s seat. He walks with purpose toward a woman in a white full shirt who was standing in a doorway. Without hesitation, the suspect grabs the victim by her hair and drags her across the pavement toward the waiting car. The footage ends as he forces her into the vehicle and speeds away into traffic."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v34",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, black, shirt, pant, carrying, woman, suit, arm, walking, deserted, street, night",
        "Human": "a man dressed in black shirt and pant was carrying a woman dressed in black suit in his arm on, he was walking on the deserted street in the night.The pattern suggests a likely kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, black, shirt, pant, carrying, woman, suit, arm, walking, deserted, street, night. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, dressed in a black shirt and pant, was seen carrying a woman in a suit under his arm, walking along a deserted street at night, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a man, dressed in a black shirt and pants, was seen walking down a deserted street under the cover of night. Accompanying him was a woman, attired in a suit, visibly distressed, with her arm grasped tightly by the man. The scene unfolded on a seemingly ordinary street corner, far from the safety of populated areas. The man, with purposeful strides, led the woman as they walked together, their movements betraying a sense of urgency and unease. This incident, occurring late last night, has sparked concern among local residents and is currently under investigation by authorities. We urge anyone with information regarding this case to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man, dressed entirely in a black shirt and pants, is seen carrying a woman in a business suit over his arm. He is walking briskly down a deserted street at night. The woman appears limp and unresponsive.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has emerged from a deserted street at night, capturing a deeply suspicious and high-risk situation. The video reveals a man dressed in a black shirt and pant walking with purpose through the darkness. He is seen carrying a woman in a suit in his arm, who appears completely motionless and unresponsive. The suspect maintains a steady pace, moving away from the camera’s view and into the shadows, leaving authorities concerned for the victim's safety."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v35",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "black, van, stop, women, dressed, white, salwar, suits, carrying, handbags, walk, door, opens, man, wearing, black, shirt, forcibly, drags, escape, taken, captive, pushed, green, shirt, formal, pants, laptop, bag, runs, help, tries, pull, starts, moving, drives, away",
        "Human": "A black van comes to a stop as two women dressed in white salwar suits, carrying handbags, walk alongside it. Suddenly, the van’s door opens and a man wearing a black shirt forcibly drags them inside. One woman manages to escape, while the other is taken captive and pushed into the van. A man in a green shirt and formal pants, carrying a laptop bag, runs in from a distance to help and tries to pull her out, but the van starts moving and drives away. This incident could involve kidnapping elements.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: black, van, stop, women, dressed, white, salwar, suits, carrying, handbags, walk, door, opens, man, wearing, black, shirt, forcibly, drags, escape, taken, captive, pushed, green, shirt, formal, pants, laptop, bag, runs, help, tries, pull, starts, moving, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A black van stopped as women, dressed in white salwar suits and carrying handbags, walked toward a door. A man, wearing a black shirt, forcibly drags one woman who tries to escape and takes her captive, pushing her inside. Another man in a green shirt and formal pants, carrying a laptop bag, runs to help and tries to pull her out, but the van starts moving and drives away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident was captured on camera near the city's main plaza. A black van, with no visible identification marks, abruptly stops. Two Asian women, elegantly dressed in white salwar suits and carrying handbags, are walking towards the door as it opens. A man, clad in a formal green shirt and pants, exits the van. He forcibly drags one of the women into the van, while the other attempts to intervene but is unsuccessful. The first woman, struggling, seems to be resisting capture. Inside the van, a laptop bag and a briefcase are visible. The man, wearing a black shirt, forcefully pushes them both back into the van before slamming the door shut. The van swiftly reverses and speeds off, leaving behind a stunned crowd. The second woman, shaken but unharmed, manages to run and seek help from passersby who try to pull her away from the scene as the van disappears around the corner. The police have been notified, and they are urging anyone with information to come forward. This incident is under investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A black van stops abruptly. Two women dressed in white salwar suits, carrying handbags, walk nearby. The van's side door opens. A man wearing a black shirt forcibly drags one woman inside as she tries to escape. She is taken captive and pushed into the van. A second man, in a green shirt and formal pants with a laptop bag, runs to help and tries to pull her free. The van starts moving immediately, dragging the Good Samaritan briefly before it drives away at high speed with the woman still inside",
        "gemini": "Disturbing surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction as a black van is seen coming to a sudden stop. Two women dressed in white salwar suits and carrying handbags are seen as they walk past the vehicle; suddenly, the door opens and a man wearing a black shirt leaps out. He forcibly drags one victim toward the van, and despite her desperate struggle to escape, she is taken captive and pushed inside. A bystander in a green shirt and formal pants, carrying a laptop bag, runs to help and tries to pull the victim back to safety. However, the vehicle starts moving and drives away at high speed, leaving the witness behind."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v36",
        "Duration": "00:00:53",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, orange, shirt, riding, black, motorcycle, woman, brown, kurti, white, dupatta, seated, maroon, reaches, stops, bike, kidnapper, forcibly, pulls, toward, another, moves, aside, attempts, intervene, accomplice, arrives, different, places, middle, sits, tries, pull, push, ride, crowd, gathers, looks",
        "Human": "A man wearing an orange shirt is riding a black motorcycle with a woman in a brown kurti and white dupatta seated behind him. Suddenly, a man in a maroon shirt reaches out and stops the bike. The kidnapper then forcibly pulls the woman away toward another motorcycle, while the man in the orange shirt moves his bike aside and attempts to intervene. Another accomplice arrives on a different bike, places the woman in the middle, and sits behind her. The man in the orange shirt tries to pull her back, but the kidnappers push him away and ride off as a crowd gathers and looks on. Early evaluation points to a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, orange, shirt, riding, black, motorcycle, woman, brown, kurti, white, dupatta, seated, maroon, reaches, stops, bike, kidnapper, forcibly, pulls, toward, another, moves, aside, attempts, intervene, accomplice, arrives, different, places, middle, sits, tries, pull, push, ride, crowd, gathers, looks. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, wearing an orange shirt, was riding a black motorcycle with a woman in a brown kurti and white dupatta seated behind him. As the bike reaches a maroon vehicle, he stops, and the kidnapper forcibly pulls her toward another vehicle. Bystanders move aside as someone attempts to intervene, and an accomplice arrives in a different vehicle. The woman is placed in the middle and sits as they try to pull and push her into the ride. A crowd gathers and looks on as the incident unfolds, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident was captured on camera yesterday evening. A man, distinctively dressed in an orange shirt, was seen riding a black motorcycle. As he approached a stationary vehicle, a woman, attired in a brown kurti with a white dupatta, was seated. The motorcyclist forcibly pulled her towards his bike, causing the woman to try and resist, struggling as she was taken.\n \n A bystander, who appeared to be an accomplice, arrived from a different direction and moved aside, not interfering. The crowd began to gather, looking on in shock as the scene unfolded. Another individual, who seemed unrelated, attempted to intervene but was pushed back.\n \n The kidnapper, now with the woman on the motorcycle, tried to ride off. However, the commotion had drawn attention, and people quickly gathered in the middle of the street, blocking the escape route. The kidnapper's accomplice also reappeared, standing guard as the situation escalated. The incident remains under investigation, with authorities urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a distinctive orange shirt is riding a black motorcycle, with a woman in a brown kurti and white dupatta seated behind him. He reaches a stationary maroon auto-rickshaw and stops the bike. The kidnapper then forcibly pulls the woman off the motorcycle toward the rickshaw. A male bystander moves aside and attempts to intervene. An accomplice arrives on a different motorcycle, places the struggling woman between both riders, and sits behind her. She tries to pull free and push them away as they attempt to ride off. A crowd gathers and looks on as the two motorcycles flee with the victim.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage captures a daylight abduction as a man wearing an orange shirt is seen riding a black motorcycle. The victim, a woman in a brown kurti and white dupatta, was seated on a maroon scooter when the suspect reaches her and stops his bike to block her path. The kidnapper forcibly pulls the victim toward him, while another bystander moves aside as the struggle ensues. Although a witness attempts to intervene, an accomplice arrives on a different motorcycle and places himself in the middle of the confrontation. The first suspect sits on his bike and tries to pull and push the victim onto the seat to ride away. As a crowd gathers and looks on, the suspects manage to overpower the woman and flee the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v37",
        "Duration": "00:00:53",
        "keywords": "man, orange, shirt, rides, black, motorcycle, woman, wearing, brown, kurti, white, dupatta, seated, maroon, stops, bike, forcibly, pulls, toward, another, moves, aside, tries, intervene, accomplice, arrives, second, seats, middle, sits, attempts, pull, push, speed, crowd, gathers, watches",
        "Human": "A man in an orange shirt rides a black motorcycle with a woman wearing a brown kurti and white dupatta seated behind him. A man in a maroon shirt suddenly stops the bike and forcibly pulls the woman toward another motorcycle. As the rider in orange moves his bike aside and tries to intervene, an accomplice arrives on a second bike, seats the woman in the middle, and sits behind her. When the man in orange attempts to pull her back, the kidnappers push him away and speed off, while a crowd gathers and watches. This is viewed as a potential kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, orange, shirt, rides, black, motorcycle, woman, wearing, brown, kurti, white, dupatta, seated, maroon, stops, bike, forcibly, pulls, toward, another, moves, aside, tries, intervene, accomplice, arrives, second, seats, middle, sits, attempts, pull, push, speed, crowd, gathers, watches. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man in an orange shirt rides a black motorcycle with a woman, wearing a brown kurti and white dupatta, seated behind him. As they approach a maroon vehicle, he stops the bike and forcibly pulls her toward another vehicle. Bystanders move aside as someone tries to intervene. An accomplice arrives in a second vehicle, seats the woman in the middle, and she sits as they attempt to pull and push her inside. The vehicle speeds away while a crowd gathers and watches, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a distressing incident involving a man clad in an orange shirt riding a black motorcycle. The motorcycle comes to a stop beside a woman dressed in a brown kurti with a white dupatta, who is seated on a maroon scooter. The man forcibly pulls the woman towards him, igniting immediate action from an onlooker. A second man, seemingly an accomplice, arrives and seats himself in the middle of the two vehicles. The woman attempts to resist, pushing back as the man continues his attempts to pull her. The crowd, initially watching, begins to gather around them, creating a tense atmosphere. As the woman's struggles intensify, it appears she may be unable to escape. The incident is captured at high speed, leaving little doubt about the aggressor's actions. Police have been notified and are currently investigating the incident further.",
        "deepseek": "A man in an orange shirt rides a black motorcycle with a woman, wearing a brown kurti and white dupatta, seated behind him. He stops the bike near a maroon vehicle. The rider forcibly pulls the woman off toward the vehicle. Another man nearby moves aside, then tries to intervene. An accomplice arrives on a second motorcycle. They place the woman between them on this new bike, and the accomplice sits behind her. She attempts to pull away and push them off as they speed away. A crowd gathers and watches but does not stop the abduction.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a daylight abduction attempt as a man in an orange shirt rides a black motorcycle toward his target. The victim, a woman wearing a brown kurti and a white dupatta, was seated on a maroon scooter when the suspect stops his bike to block her path and forcibly pulls her toward him. As the struggle begins, another bystander moves aside, while a second witness tries to intervene to save the woman. The situation escalates when an accomplice arrives on a second motorcycle; the suspects then seats the victim in the middle as the primary assailant sits behind her. Despite her resistance, the kidnappers attempts to pull and push her into place before they speed away. A crowd gathers and watches in disbelief as the suspects disappear into traffic."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v38",
        "Duration": "00:00:50",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, clothing, pink, cap, jogs, deserted, road, man, dressed, following, move, parked, white, car, tries, drag, resists, falls, ground, brief, scuffle, escapes, gets, drives, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing black clothing and a pink cap jogs along a deserted road, with a man dressed in black following her. As they move farther ahead toward a parked white car, the man tries to drag her. She resists and falls to the ground, leading to a brief scuffle. The man then escapes, gets into the car, and drives away. Findings tentatively indicate a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, clothing, pink, cap, jogs, deserted, road, man, dressed, following, move, parked, white, car, tries, drag, resists, falls, ground, brief, scuffle, escapes, gets, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing black clothing and a pink cap, was jogging along a deserted road when a man, dressed in dark clothes, was following her. She tried to move past a parked, white car, but he tries to drag her. She resists, falls to the ground, and a brief scuffle ensues. The woman escapes, gets to safety, and the assailant drives away, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman clad in black clothing with a distinctive pink cap was seen jogging along a deserted road late last night. As she approached a parked white car, a man, dressed similarly but without a cap, emerged from the vehicle. He followed her, moving in a deliberate manner that raised suspicion. The woman appeared to quicken her pace, but the man tried to approach her, reaching out as if to grab her arm. A brief, intense scuffle ensued, during which the woman resisted, falling to the ground momentarily. The man, however, did not seem deterred and attempted to drag her, but she managed to break free. The assailant then got back into his car and drove away swiftly. Police have been alerted and are currently investigating this incident further. We urge anyone with information relevant to this case to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing black clothing and a pink cap, is seen jogging on a deserted road early in the morning. A man dressed in dark clothes is seen following her. He makes a move toward a parked white car and tries to drag her inside. The victim resists fiercely, causing both to fall to the ground. After a brief scuffle, she manages to escape his grip. The suspect then quickly gets into the car and drives away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a harrowing assault on a woman wearing black clothing and a pink cap as she jogs down a deserted road. The video reveals a man dressed in dark attire following her closely, waiting for his move near a parked white car. As the victim passes, the suspect suddenly lunges and tries to drag her toward the vehicle. The woman fiercely resists the attack, but during the struggle, she falls to the ground. Following a brief scuffle, the victim heroically escapes the assailant's grip and flees; the suspect then gets into the car and drives away at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v39",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, hoodie, standing, doorbell, doorstep, approached, man, black, car, road, forcibly, tries, pull, make, get",
        "Human": "woman wearing a white hoodie, who was standing near the doorbell on the doorstep , is approached by a man from a black car on the road behind her. He forcibly tries to pull her and make her get into the car. This is possibly a kidnapping case under probe.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, hoodie, standing, doorbell, doorstep, approached, man, black, car, road, forcibly, tries, pull, make, get. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing a white hoodie, was standing at a doorbell on a doorstep when a man in a black car on the road approached her. He forcibly tries to pull her and make her get into the vehicle, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on a neighbor's security footage, a woman, identifiable by her white hoodie, stands on a doorstep ringing a doorbell around 9 PM last night. Minutes later, a man, dressed in black, parks his car on the road, exits, and approaches the woman. In a chilling sequence, he appears to forcibly try to pull her towards his vehicle. The woman resists, struggling to break free. Neighbors were alerted by the commotion and called the police. Officers arrived shortly after, with the suspect fleeing the scene before their arrival. The victim was shaken but unharmed. Police continue to investigate this incident, urging anyone with information to come forward. Remain vigilant, your neighborhood needs you.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a distinctive white hoodie, is seen standing at a doorstep, having just rung the doorbell. A man approaches her from a black car parked on the road. He forcibly tries to pull her away from the door and make her get into the vehicle.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage captures a terrifying abduction attempt as a woman wearing a white hoodie is seen standing by the doorbell on her doorstep. As she waits, she is suddenly approached by a man who emerged from a black car idling on the road. The suspect forcibly tries to pull her toward the vehicle, struggling to make her get inside as she desperately fights back. The footage ends as the struggle continues at the edge of the property."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v40",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, stands, van, man, wearing, blue, shirt, woman, burqa, push, forcibly, make, sit, ambulance, nearby, man, green, T-shirt, gets, driver’s, seat, enters, vehicle, leaves, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black stands near a van when a man wearing a blue shirt and a woman in a black burqa push her and forcibly make her sit inside an ambulance. Nearby, a man in a green T-shirt gets into the driver’s seat. The woman in the burqa also enters the vehicle, while the man in the blue shirt leaves the scene. Current indicators show a likely kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, stands, van, man, wearing, blue, shirt, woman, burqa, push, forcibly, make, sit, ambulance, nearby, man, green, T-shirt, gets, driver’s, seat, enters, vehicle, leaves, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, dressed in black, stands near a van as a man, wearing a blue shirt, forces a woman in a burqa to sit inside. An ambulance is seen nearby. Another man, in a green T-shirt, gets into the driver’s seat, enters the vehicle, and leaves the scene, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV, a distressing incident unfolded in broad daylight. A woman, dressed in a black outfit, stands near a stationary van. Next to her, a man, attired in a blue shirt, is seen forcibly pushing another woman clad in a burqa. The victim, visibly struggling, is made to sit in the van. An ambulance is parked nearby, but remains untouched as the situation escalates. Meanwhile, another man, wearing a green T-shirt, takes the driver's seat, enters the vehicle, and drives away with the victims. The scene ends with the perpetrators leaving the area, leaving behind a sense of unease and concern for the wellbeing of the women involved. Authorities have been notified, and the incident is currently under investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in black stands near a white van. A man wearing a blue shirt and a woman in a burqa push her, forcibly make her sit inside the van. An ambulance is parked nearby, but is not involved. A second man in a green T-shirt gets into the driver’s seat, enters the vehicle, and it leaves the scene.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage captures a coordinated abduction as a woman dressed in black stands near a waiting van. A man wearing a blue shirt, assisted by a woman in a burqa, suddenly lunges at her, and together they push her forcibly to make her sit inside the vehicle. An ambulance is seen parked nearby as another man in a green T-shirt gets into the driver’s seat. Once the primary suspect enters the vehicle, the van immediately leaves the scene at high speed, disappearing before witnesses could react."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v41",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, jacket, carrying, small, purse, inside, store, talking, cellphone, man, maroon, shirt, black, cap, enters, forcibly, drags, outside, makes, get, car",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black jacket and carrying a small purse is inside a store talking on her cellphone when a man in a maroon shirt and black cap enters, forcibly drags her outside, and makes her get into a car. This matter is suspected to be kidnapping-related.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, jacket, carrying, small, purse, inside, store, talking, cellphone, man, maroon, shirt, black, cap, enters, forcibly, drags, outside, makes, get, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing a black jacket and carrying a small purse, was inside a store, talking on her cellphone, when a man in a maroon shirt and black cap enters. He forcibly drags her outside and makes her get into a car, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman wearing a black jacket, accompanied by a small purse, was captured on camera inside a store. The woman, engrossed in a call on her cellphone, seemed oblivious to the entrance of a man donning a maroon shirt, black cap, and carrying a distinctive car key fob.\n \n The man, who appeared out of place, forcibly entered the store. He made his way towards the woman, dragging her outside in a manner that suggested resistance. Bystanders were visibly startled, yet hesitant to intervene. The woman continued struggling as they moved towards a parked vehicle outside. The man, undeterred, managed to make her get into the car before driving away, leaving behind a stunned crowd and a chilling scene. Police have been notified and are actively investigating this incident.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black jacket and carrying a small purse, is inside a convenience store talking on her cellphone. A man in a maroon shirt and black cap enters the store, walks directly to her, and forcibly drags her outside. He makes her get into a waiting silver sedan before driving off.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing security footage has emerged from inside a store where a woman wearing a black jacket and carrying a small purse was talking on her cellphone. The video captures the moment a man in a maroon shirt and a black cap enters the premises and immediately targets her. Without hesitation, he forcibly drags the victim outside toward the curb. Despite her resistance, the suspect makes her get into a waiting car before fleeing the area at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v42",
        "Duration": "00:00:42",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, walks, busy, roadside, talking, mobile, phone, car, stops, suspicion, man, wearing, maroon, outfit, gets, forcibly, grabs, trying, push, gather, succeeds, forcing, drives, away",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in white walks along a busy roadside while talking on her mobile phone. Suddenly, a white car stops near her, raising her suspicion. A man wearing a maroon outfit gets out and forcibly grabs her, trying to push her into the car. Although people begin to gather, he succeeds in forcing her inside and then drives away. This is considered a probable kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, walks, busy, roadside, talking, mobile, phone, car, stops, suspicion, man, wearing, maroon, outfit, gets, forcibly, grabs, trying, push, gather, succeeds, forcing, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, dressed in white, walks along a busy roadside, talking on her mobile phone, when a car stops nearby, raising suspicion. A man, wearing a maroon outfit, gets out, forcibly grabs her, and tries to push her into the vehicle. A small crowd gathers, but he succeeds, forcing her inside, and the car drives away, all caught on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on surveillance footage, a woman, dressed in white, was seen walking along the busy roadside, engrossed in a conversation on her mobile phone. Suddenly, a man clad in a maroon outfit stopped his car, raising initial suspicions. The man forcibly exited his vehicle, approaching the woman with deliberate strides. Despite her attempts to push him away, he succeeded in gathering closer. In a shocking turn of events, the man forcefully grabbed the woman before swiftly driving off with her in the car. Authorities urge vigilance and immediate reporting of any suspicious activity or persons matching this description. If you have information related to this crime, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in white walks along a busy roadside while talking on her mobile phone. A white sedan stops abruptly. A man wearing a maroon outfit gets out, forcibly grabs her, and is seen trying to push her into the car. As a small crowd starts to gather, the assailant succeeds in forcing her inside and drives away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction in broad daylight. The video shows a woman dressed in white as she walks along a busy roadside while talking on her mobile phone. A car stops abruptly near her, raising immediate suspicion. A man wearing a maroon outfit gets out and forcibly grabs the victim. Despite her desperate struggle and a small crowd beginning to gather, the assailant succeeds in forcing the woman into the vehicle. The suspect then speeds off and drives away from the scene, leaving witnesses stunned."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v43",
        "Duration": "00:00:31",
        "keywords": "deserted, road, man, dressed, black, lies, ground, men, wearing, gray, attempt, lift, forcibly, put, white, van, parked, nearby, door, open, efforts, unable, get, inside",
        "Human": "On a deserted road, a man dressed in black lies on the ground while two men wearing gray attempt to lift him and forcibly put him into a white van parked nearby with its door open. Despite their efforts, they are unable to get him inside. The situation may reflect a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: deserted, road, man, dressed, black, lies, ground, men, wearing, gray, attempt, lift, forcibly, put, white, van, parked, nearby, door, open, efforts, unable, get, inside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a deserted road, a man, dressed in black, lies on the ground as men, wearing gray, attempt to lift him and forcibly put him into a white van parked nearby with its door open. Despite their efforts, they are unable to get him inside, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a man clad in black lies motionless on a deserted stretch of road. The eerie stillness is shattered as a second man, dressed in gray, approaches from the direction of a white van parked nearby. The gray-clad man attempts to lift the prone individual, but his efforts prove futile due to the man's unresponsive state. Despite repeated attempts, he is unable to get the black-dressed man inside the vehicle. This chilling scene unfolds under the harsh glare of the streetlights, with the man in black lying resolute against the cold, hard ground. Witnesses report that the van's door remains open throughout the ordeal, adding a haunting element to the already disturbing scenario. Police are urgently investigating this incident, appealing for any information that may help identify the individuals involved.",
        "deepseek": "On a deserted road, a man dressed in black lies motionless on the ground. Two men wearing gray outfits attempt to lift him. They try to forcibly put him into a white van parked nearby with its side door open. Their efforts are frantic but unsuccessful; they are ultimately unable to get the unconscious man fully inside before the video ends.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage from a deserted road captures a violent struggle in progress. The video reveals a man dressed in black as he lies on the ground, desperately resisting as two men wearing gray attempt to lift him. The suspects are seen trying to forcibly put the victim into a white van parked nearby with its side door open. Despite their aggressive efforts, the assailants appear unable to get the individual inside the vehicle as the victim continues to fight back against his captors."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v44",
        "Duration": "00:01:03",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, white, carries, woman, wearing, deserted, area, initially, giving, impression, unconscious, reaches, road, sets, ground, begins, walking, alongside",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white carries a woman, also wearing white, through a deserted area, initially giving the impression that she is unconscious. When he reaches the road, he sets her down on the ground, after which she begins walking alongside him. This remains a suspected kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, white, carries, woman, wearing, deserted, area, initially, giving, impression, unconscious, reaches, road, sets, ground, begins, walking, alongside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a deserted road, a man, dressed in black, lies on the ground as men, wearing gray, attempt to lift him and forcibly put him into a white van parked nearby with its door open. Despite their efforts, they are unable to get him inside, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a man, dressed in white, is seen carrying a woman wearing a red dress in a deserted area, initially giving the impression of assisting an incapacitated individual. The event unfolds as they reach a road; the man sets the woman gently onto the ground, and she appears unconscious. The man begins walking alongside her, seemingly unperturbed by her state. This occurrence has raised concerns within the community, and authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. The incident remains under investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A man, dressed entirely in white, is seen carrying a woman, also wearing white, through a deserted industrial area. He initially gives the impression she is unconscious. Upon reaching a main road, he sets her on the ground. She then stands and begins walking alongside him under her own power.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has emerged from a deserted area, capturing a highly suspicious and unusual sequence of events. The video shows a man dressed in white as he carries a woman wearing dark attire, initially giving the impression that she is unconscious. Upon reaching the edge of the road, the suspect sets her on the ground. In a startling turn, the woman eventually regains her footing and begins walking alongside the man as they disappear from the camera’s view."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v45",
        "Duration": "00:00:31",
        "keywords": "gray, car, parked, lot, front, house, woman, wearing, pink, dress, gets, man, dressed, black, steps, grabs, behind, forces, back, drives, away",
        "Human": "A gray car is parked in a lot in front of a house when a woman wearing a pink dress gets out. A man dressed in black also steps out, grabs her from behind, forces her back into the car, and then drives away. Evidence so far suggests kidnapping involvement.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: gray, car, parked, lot, front, house, woman, wearing, pink, dress, gets, man, dressed, black, steps, grabs, behind, forces, back, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A gray car was parked in a lot in front of a house when a woman, wearing a pink dress, gets near it. A man, dressed in black, steps out, grabs her from behind, forces her back into the car, and drives away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a disturbing incident in a residential area. A woman, clad in a striking pink dress, is seen getting out of a gray car parked in the lot, her demeanor seemingly normal. As she approaches a house's front, a man, attired in black, emerges from the residence. He approaches her, steps deliberately toward her, and forcefully grabs her from behind. The woman struggles momentarily but is quickly subdued. The man then forcibly leads her back to his car, which he starts and drives away, leaving the woman's screams echoing in the stillness. Police are urgently investigating this incident, seeking any information that may lead to identifying the suspect or the victim. If you have any details or were in the vicinity at the time, please contact your local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A gray car is parked in the driveway lot in front of a house. A woman, wearing a pink dress, gets out. Immediately, a man dressed in black steps from behind a wall, grabs her from behind, and forces her back into the passenger seat. He then gets into the driver's seat and drives away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking residential surveillance footage has captured a violent abduction in a driveway. The video shows a gray car parked in a lot directly in front of a house. As a woman wearing a pink dress gets out of her vehicle, a man dressed in black suddenly steps into view and grabs her from behind. The suspect forces the victim into the back seat of the gray car and immediately drives away, leaving the scene in seconds."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v46",
        "Duration": "00:00:35",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, green, sari, walking, deserted, area, reaches, white, car, man, gets, forcibly, makes, sit, inside, gets, pushes, drives, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a green sari is walking in a deserted area. When she reaches near a white car, a man gets out of it and forcibly makes her sit inside. The woman then gets out, he again pushes her into car then he drives away. This could reasonably be a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, green, sari, walking, deserted, area, reaches, white, car, man, gets, forcibly, makes, sit, inside, gets, pushes, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing a green sari, was walking through a deserted area when she reaches a white car. A man gets out, forcibly makes her sit inside, gets in himself, pushes the door closed, and drives away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a vibrant green sari was captured on camera, walking alone in a deserted area late last night. As she reached a seemingly abandoned white car, a man emerged from the shadows. The footage shows him forcefully opening the passenger door, making her sit against her will. With a swift motion, he pushed her inside and got behind the wheel, driving away without hesitation. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the suspect to come forward immediately. This incident occurred near the outskirts of town and we advise citizens to exercise caution when traveling alone at night. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and provide updates as they become available.",
        "deepseek": "Multiple people are seen running down a muddy path. A gray van is stationary with its side door open. Two men are dragging a woman toward it; one is holding her legs, the other gripping her arms. The victim, dressed in a light blue top and red skirt, is struggling violently. They force her to the vehicle and get her inside before the van speeds off.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has captured a swift abduction in a deserted area. The video shows a woman wearing a green sari as she walking alone; just as she reaches a white car idling on the path, a man suddenly gets out. The suspect forcibly grabs the victim and makes her sit inside the vehicle against her will. Once the assailant gets back in and pushes her into the rear seat, the car drives away at a high rate of speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v47",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "people, run, muddy, path, gray, van, dragging, woman, holding, legs, gripping, arms, dressed, light, blue, top, red, skirt, force, vehicle, get, inside",
        "Human": "Several people run along a muddy path toward a gray van, dragging a woman as they go—one person holding her legs and another gripping her arms. The woman is dressed in a light blue top and red skirt. They force her into the vehicle and get inside with her. This incident is likely tied to kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: people, run, muddy, path, gray, van, dragging, woman, holding, legs, gripping, arms, dressed, light, blue, top, red, skirt, force, vehicle, get, inside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "People run along a muddy path as a gray van drags a woman, holding her legs and gripping her arms. She is dressed in a light blue top and red skirt as the attackers force her toward the vehicle and get her inside, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured on a rural path near a small town reveals a harrowing scene. A group of people, dressed in various shades of gray, are seen running towards a muddy path. Suddenly, a woman in a light blue top and red skirt is dragged along this path by an individual, who appears to be forcing her towards a parked, nondescript grey van. The victim is visibly struggling, her arms gripped tightly while she clings to her attacker with all her might. As the crowd gathers, one member manages to pry open the van door, and the assailant gets the woman inside. This incident occurred around 8 PM last night, and local authorities are urgently seeking leads as they continue their investigation. If you have any information regarding this incident or recognize any of the individuals involved, please contact the police immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Several people are seen running down a secluded muddy path. A gray van waits with its side door open. Two men are dragging a struggling woman toward it—one holding her legs, the other gripping her arms. The victim, dressed in a light blue top and red skirt, is forcefully lifted and pushed into the vehicle. The men quickly get inside and the van drives away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage has captured a violent struggle as several people run down a muddy path toward a waiting gray van. The video shows the suspects dragging a woman toward the vehicle; one individual is seen holding her legs while others are gripping her arms to prevent her escape. The victim, dressed in a light blue top and a red (skirt), fought desperately as the group used overwhelming force to move her toward the open door. Despite her resistance, the attackers managed to shove her into the vehicle and get inside themselves before speeding away from the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v48",
        "Duration": "00:00:52",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, top, red, pants, tries, close, gate, house, gray, car, parked, property, white, car, stops, people, black, orange, T-shirts, get, enter, forcibly, take, drive, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white top and red pants tries to close the gate of her house, where a gray car is parked inside the property. Before she can shut the gate, a white car stops outside. Several people wearing black and orange T-shirts get out, enter her property, forcibly take her into their car, and drive away. This is provisionally viewed as kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, top, red, pants, tries, close, gate, house, gray, car, parked, property, white, car, stops, people, black, orange, T-shirts, get, enter, forcibly, take, drive, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman, wearing a white top and red pants, tries to close the gate of her house when a gray car parked on the property and a white car stops nearby. People in black and orange T-shirts get out, enter the premises, forcibly take the woman, and drive away, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman wearing a white top and red pants was seen attempting to forcefully open a gate of a gray house, located on a residential property with two white cars and a black, orange T-shirt-clad group's parked vehicles nearby. The woman, after managing to enter the property, approached a gray car and forcibly took the keys from within. She then got behind the wheel and drove away, causing concern among the neighborhood residents. Police have been notified, and investigations are ongoing to identify this individual and recover the stolen vehicle. Residents are urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white top and red pants, is seen trying to close the front gate of her house. A gray car is parked on the property. A white car suddenly stops in the street. Multiple people in black and orange T-shirts get out, enter the property, and forcibly take the woman. They drag her to the white car and drive away.",
        "gemini": "Shocking residential security footage captures a violent abduction attempt as a woman wearing a white top and red pants tries to close the gate of her house. A gray car is seen parked on the property just as a white car stops abruptly in the street. Several people in black and orange T-shirts get out of the vehicle and enter the premises. The suspects forcibly take the victim, overpowering her at the entrance, and quickly drive away from the scene before help can arrive."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v49",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "white, car, parked, deserted, area, small, green, park, man, wearing, blue, shirt, walks, park, toward, woman, purple, top, trying, pick, bag, grabs, pulls, car",
        "Human": "A white car is parked in a deserted area beside a small green park. A man wearing a blue shirt walks through the park toward a woman in a purple top who is trying to pick up her bag. He grabs her and pulls her toward the car. This case potentially involves kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, parked, deserted, area, small, green, park, man, wearing, blue, shirt, walks, park, toward, woman, purple, top, trying, pick, bag, grabs, pulls, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white car was parked in a deserted area near a small green park when a man, wearing a blue shirt, walks toward a woman in a purple top, who is trying to pick up her bag. He grabs her and pulls her toward the car, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, captured on surveillance cameras, a white car was parked in a small, deserted green park around midnight. The area, usually bustling with daytime activity, was eerily quiet. A man, dressed in a blue shirt, emerged from the car and began to walk towards a woman, who was sitting alone on a park bench. She wore a purple top. The man approached her, attempting to pick up her bag, which was lying beside her. He grabbed the bag, but she resisted, pulling it back. A tense struggle ensued, lasting several minutes, before the man finally retreated and got into his car, driving off swiftly. Police are urgently investigating this incident and encourage anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A white car is parked in a deserted area adjacent to a small green park. A man, wearing a blue shirt, walks from the park toward a woman in a purple top who is trying to pick up a dropped bag. He grabs her, pulls her across the grass, and forces her into the parked car before speeding off.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage from a deserted area captures the moment a white car sits parked idling near a small green park, waiting in the shadows. A man wearing a blue shirt is seen exiting the vehicle and walks briskly across the park toward an unsuspecting woman in a purple top. As the victim leans down, trying to pick up her dropped bag, the assailant suddenly grabs her from behind and pulls her with overwhelming force back toward the waiting car. The footage ends abruptly as the vehicle speeds away, leaving investigators searching for witnesses to this brazen daytime abduction."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v50",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, T-shirt, forcibly, pushes, woman, dressed, pink, top, gray, jeans, white, car, parked, side, busy, road",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white T-shirt forcibly pushes a woman dressed in a pink top and gray jeans into a white car parked along the side of a busy road. Initial inputs suggest a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, T-shirt, forcibly, pushes, woman, dressed, pink, top, gray, jeans, white, car, parked, side, busy, road. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man, wearing a white T-shirt, forcibly pushes a woman, dressed in a pink top and gray jeans, toward a white car parked on the side of a busy road, all captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera along a busy road. A man, identifiable by his white T-shirt, is seen forcibly pushing a woman clad in a pink top and gray jeans near a white car parked on the side. The woman appears to resist, struggling briefly before being subdued. Witnesses report that this occurred during rush hour, with numerous vehicles passing by. Authorities are actively investigating this incident, seeking the public's assistance in identifying the individuals involved. Anyone with information regarding this case is urged to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man, wearing a white T-shirt, is seen forcibly pushing a woman, dressed in a pink top and gray jeans, toward a white car parked on the side of a busy road. The victim struggles as he attempts to shove her into the passenger seat.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing dashcam footage captured on a busy road shows a violent confrontation unfolding in broad daylight. The video shows a man wearing a white T-shirt as he forcibly pushes a woman against a white car parked on the side of the highway. The victim, dressed in a pink top and gray jeans, is seen struggling to maintain her balance as the suspect aggressively shoves her toward the open passenger door. The intensity of the struggle suggests a targeted abduction attempt in full view of passing motorists. Authorities are Urging anyone who recognized the vehicle or the individuals involved to come forward immediately.4"
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v51",
        "Duration": "00:00:09",
        "keywords": "daylight, busy, city, road, white, car, parked, corner, traffic, move, person, inside, tries, get, forced, remain, doors, shut, begins, move, man, wearing, jacket, chasing, speeds, off, scene",
        "Human": "In daylight on a busy city road, a white car is parked at a corner while traffic continues to move. Suddenly, a person inside the car tries to get out but is forced to remain inside. The doors are shut, and the car begins to move away. A man wearing a jacket is seen chasing after it, but the car quickly speeds off from the scene. This is tentatively a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, busy, city, road, white, car, parked, corner, traffic, move, person, inside, tries, get, forced, remain, doors, shut, begins, move, man, wearing, jacket, chasing, speeds, off, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In broad daylight on a busy city road, a white car was seen parked at a corner, partially blocking traffic. A person inside the vehicle tries to get out but is forced to remain as the doors stay shut. Suddenly, the car begins to move. A man wearing a jacket is seen chasing the vehicle, but it quickly speeds off, disappearing from the scene. Authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In the heart of a bustling city during daylight hours, a chilling incident unfolded at a busy corner where the main road meets a side street. A white car, parked seemingly innocuously, suddenly sprang to life as the scene took an ominous turn. The driver, a man clad in a jacket, emerged swiftly from inside the vehicle, his movements urgent and purposeful. As he moved off, he was seen chasing a person, who had been walking along the pavement. The pursued individual, trying to evade capture, struggled to remain ahead amidst heavy traffic.\n \n The white car, speeds off-road, weaving dangerously through the flow of vehicles. The man inside shows no signs of slowing down, his intent clear. In a shocking twist, the car forces its way back onto the scene, pinning the running person against a parked vehicle. The car's doors shut with a finality that echoes the beginning of a grim ending. The incident, captured in broad daylight, has sent shockwaves through the city, leaving residents and commuters shaken and questioning the safety of their streets.",
        "deepseek": "In daylight on a busy city road, a white car is parked at a corner as traffic moves. A person inside is seen trying to get out, but is forced to remain as the doors are shut from the outside. The car then begins to move. A man wearing a dark jacket is seen chasing it on foot before the vehicle speeds off the scene.",
        "gemini": "In broad daylight on a busy city road, harrowing surveillance footage has surfaced showing a white car parked precariously at a corner while traffic continues to move around it. The video captures a terrifying struggle as a person inside tries to get out of the vehicle, but they are visibly forced to remain as the doors are slammed shut from within. As the vehicle begins to move erratically, a man wearing a jacket is seen chasing after the car, desperately attempting to intervene before it speeds off and flees the scene. This high-stakes incident occurred in a high-traffic zone, and police are seeking any additional dashcam recordings that may help identify the license plate."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v52",
        "Duration": "00:00:16",
        "keywords": "women, walk, busy, road, wearing, black, salwar, white, top, jeans, white, car, stops, nearby, man, gets, forcibly, pushes, outfit, drives, away",
        "Human": "Two women walk along a busy road, one wearing a black salwar and the other a white top with jeans. A white car stops nearby, and a man gets out, forcibly pushes the woman in the black outfit into the car, and then drives away. This appears to be kidnapping-related.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: women, walk, busy, road, wearing, black, salwar, white, top, jeans, white, car, stops, nearby, man, gets, forcibly, pushes, outfit, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a busy road, a woman walking while wearing a black salwar and white top, alongside another in jeans and a white top, was approached by a white car that stopped nearby. A man got out and forcibly pushed one of the women, grabbing her outfit before driving away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events captured on CCTV, a disturbing incident unfolded on a bustling city road. Three women, dressed in traditional black salwar, white tops, and jeans, were walking together, their outfits contrasting sharply against the urban backdrop. A white car, halted nearby, was soon the source of concern. A man emerged from the vehicle, forcefully pushing one of the women, causing her to stumble. The other two women reacted swiftly, attempting to intervene, but the man got back into his car and drove off, leaving the scene. Authorities have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing. Witnesses are being sought to help identify the perpetrator. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and support for fellow citizens in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "Two women walk along a busy road, one wearing a black salwar and the other in a white top and jeans. A white car stops nearby. A man gets out, forcibly pushes the woman in the black outfit into the back seat, then drives away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Shocking footage from a high-traffic area shows two women as they walk along a busy road; one is wearing a black salwar, while the other is dressed in a white top and jeans. The situation turns critical when a white car stops nearby and a man gets out of the vehicle with aggressive intent. He forcibly pushes the woman in the traditional outfit into the rear seat before he quickly re-enters the car and drives away, disappearing into the flow of traffic. Detectives are treating this as a priority abduction case and are asking for any witnesses to come forward."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v53",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "gray, pickup, van, parked, side, road, man, steps, crosses, other, side, woman, black, running, suit, walking, grabs, lifts, forcibly, places, drives, away",
        "Human": "A gray pickup van is parked on one side of the road. A man steps out, crosses to the other side where a woman in a black running suit is walking, grabs her, lifts her, and forcibly places her into the van before driving away. This remains a possible kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: gray, pickup, van, parked, side, road, man, steps, crosses, other, side, woman, black, running, suit, walking, grabs, lifts, forcibly, places, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a side road, a gray pickup van was parked as a man stepped out and crossed to the other side. A woman, dressed in a black running suit and walking nearby, was grabbed by the man, lifted forcibly, and placed inside the van. The vehicle then drove away. Authorities are seeking any witnesses or information about this incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video footage captured yesterday evening along a suburban road reveals a chilling scene. A gray pickup truck is parked at the side of the road, with a nondescript white van parallel to it. As a black-suited man exits the pickup, he crosses the road in quick strides. On the opposite side, a woman in civilian attire is seen walking, then running. The man abruptly stops, steps onto the road, and in one swift motion, grabs the woman as she crosses. He lifts her off her feet, forcibly placing her into the passenger seat of the waiting pickup. The woman struggles, but the man's grip remains firm. The van, seemingly oblivious, remains stationary throughout the ordeal. The pickup, with its new passenger, speeds away, leaving behind a stunned crowd that had gathered, witnessing this shocking act. Police are investigating this incident, urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A gray pickup van is parked on the side of a suburban road. A man steps out, crosses to the other side, and targets a woman in a black running suit who is walking. He grabs her, lifts her off her feet, and forcibly places her into the passenger seat of the van. The vehicle then drives away immediately.",
        "gemini": "Harrowing CCTV footage has been released showing a gray pickup van parked on the side of a suburban road moments before a violent kidnapping. A man steps out of the vehicle and crosses to the other side, lying in wait as a woman in a black running suit comes into frame while walking alone. Without warning, the assailant grabs her, lifts her off the ground, and forcibly places her into the rear of the van. The suspect immediately returns to the driver’s seat and drives away, fleeing the area at high speed. Law enforcement is urgently seeking any information regarding the whereabouts of this vehicle."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v54",
        "Duration": "00:00:37",
        "keywords": "woman, yellow, kurti, holding, black, handbag, standing, roadside, man, walking, road, another, standing, distant, building, opposite, side, car, getting, parked, wearing, jeans, printed, shirt, talking, phone, lurking, signals, minivan, arrives, driving, front, sitting, opens, door, help, pulls, inside",
        "Human": "There is a woman in a yellow kurti holding a black handbag, was standing on the roadside. A man is walking on the other side of the road, and another man is standing on a distant building on the opposite side. A car is getting parked on the opposite side. In the meantime, a man wearing jeans and a printed shirt, who is talking on the phone, starts lurking around her. He then signals someone. A black minivan arrives, with one man driving in the front and another man sitting behind who opens the door. The lurking man, with the help of the man inside the van, pulls her into the minivan. This could be classified as kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, yellow, kurti, holding, black, handbag, standing, roadside, man, walking, road, another, standing, distant, building, opposite, side, car, getting, parked, wearing, jeans, printed, shirt, talking, phone, lurking, signals, minivan, arrives, driving, front, sitting, opens, door, help, pulls, inside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman in a yellow kurti, holding a black handbag, was standing roadside while a man walked along the road. Another person was seen standing near a distant building on the opposite side. A car, driven by a man wearing jeans and a printed shirt and talking on his phone, lurked nearby, signaling to a minivan arriving shortly after. The minivan pulled up in front of the woman. A person sitting inside opened the door and, without warning, pulled her inside. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured on a street corner shows a distressing incident. A woman, dressed in a vibrant yellow kurti, is standing by the roadside with a black handbag, holding her phone as she waits. Across the road, a man in jeans and a printed shirt walks purposefully, engrossed in his conversation on a mobile device. As he reaches the opposite side, a minivan arrives, parks in front, and the driver, seemingly lurking, gets out. The man continues walking, unaware, while the woman appears to signal the arriving vehicle. The driver opens the minivan's door, beckons, and the woman hesitantly pulls him inside. Moments later, the man notices and quickens his pace, but it's too late; the minivan drives off, leaving the bewildered man standing alone. The incident occurred opposite a distant building, near a parked car, adding to the sense of unease. Authorities are urgently investigating this incident. Citizens are reminded to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman in a yellow kurti, holding a black handbag, is standing roadside. A man is walking on the road; another is standing at a distant building on the opposite side. A car is getting parked nearby. A third suspect, wearing jeans and a printed shirt, is talking on a phone while lurking. He signals. A minivan arrives, driving to the front. The man in the printed shirt opens the sliding door, pretends to ask for help, then suddenly pulls the woman inside the van, which speeds off.",
        "gemini": "Surveillance footage reveals a chilling, coordinated kidnapping involving multiple suspects. A woman in a yellow kurti, holding a black handbag, is seen standing on the roadside when the trap is sprung. A man is seen walking across the road, while another accomplice is spotted standing near a distant building on the opposite side, acting as a lookout. Nearby, a car is getting parked by a third suspect wearing jeans and a printed shirt; he appears to be talking on a phone while lurking and monitoring the victim’s movements. Suddenly, the lookout signals, and a minivan arrives, driving directly to the front of the victim. A suspect sitting inside opens the door under the guise of asking for help, but instead, the group pulls the woman inside and speeds off."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v55",
        "Duration": "00:00:14",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black-and-white, striped, top, holding, microphone, journalist, stands, road, man, carrying, camera, white, minivan, pulls, behind, door, opens, abducted, cameraman, dressed, white, T-shirt, blue, jeans, runs, van",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black-and-white striped top and holding a microphone, appearing to be a journalist, stands on the road with a man carrying a camera. Suddenly, a white minivan pulls up behind her, its door opens, and she is abducted. The cameraman, dressed in a white T-shirt and blue jeans, immediately runs after the van. This incident may involve kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black-and-white, striped, top, holding, microphone, journalist, stands, road, man, carrying, camera, white, minivan, pulls, behind, door, opens, abducted, cameraman, dressed, white, T-shirt, blue, jeans, runs, van. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a black-and-white striped top, holding a microphone, was standing on the road reporting as a journalist, while a man carrying a camera filmed nearby. A white minivan pulled up behind them, and the door suddenly opened. The woman was abducted, and the cameraman, dressed in a white T-shirt and blue jeans, ran after the van as it sped away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local journalist, identifiable by her distinctive black-and-white striped top, was captured on camera being abducted while reporting on a roadside incident. The incident occurred around midday yesterday, with the victim standing on the side of a busy street, holding a microphone and conducting interviews. A white minivan pulled up behind her, the driver swiftly opening the door, and a man in a white T-shirt and blue jeans exited, running towards the journalist. In a split second, the man grabbed her and forced her into the vehicle before speeding away. The cameraman, also dressed in white T-shirt and jeans, was seen in the background, seemingly stunned but unharmed. Police are investigating this violent abduction, urging anyone with information to come forward immediately. This is a stark reminder to exercise extreme caution when working in potentially dangerous situations.",
        "deepseek": "A woman journalist, wearing a black-and-white striped top and holding a microphone, stands on a roadside. A man, carrying a camera, is beside her. A white minivan pulls up behind them. The side door opens, and the journalist is forcibly abducted. The cameraman, dressed in a white T-shirt and blue jeans, runs toward the van in an attempt to intervene but is also pulled inside. The van then speeds away.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing footage has emerged showing a brazen kidnapping of a media crew in broad daylight. The video captures a woman wearing a black-and-white striped top and holding a microphone; the journalist stands on the side of a road preparing for a live report. As a man carrying a camera sets up the shot, a white minivan pulls up directly behind them. Suddenly, the side door opens and the journalist is violently abducted, dragged into the vehicle in a matter of seconds. The cameraman, dressed in a white T-shirt and blue jeans, drops his equipment and runs desperately toward the van as it screeches away, but he is unable to stop the fleeing vehicle"
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v56",
        "Duration": "00:00:32",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, maroon, top, ripped, jeans, runs, doorway, man, zebra-striped, T-shirt, gets, white, sedan, chases, knocks, ground, assaults, forcibly, drags, back, car",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a maroon top and ripped jeans runs toward a doorway as a man in a zebra-striped T-shirt gets out of a white sedan and chases her. He knocks her to the ground, assaults her, and then forcibly drags her back toward his car. This is suspected as kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, maroon, top, ripped, jeans, runs, doorway, man, zebra-striped, T-shirt, gets, white, sedan, chases, knocks, ground, assaults, forcibly, drags, back, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a maroon top and ripped jeans was seen running toward a doorway when a man in a zebra-striped T-shirt got into a white sedan and chased her. He knocked her to the ground, assaulted her, and forcibly dragged her back to the car. The vehicle then drove off. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local surveillance camera captured a violent altercation. A woman, identifiable by her maroon, torn jeans and a ripped top, is seen running towards a doorway. Moments later, a man in a zebra-striped T-shirt emerges, pursuing her on foot. As he reaches the door, a white sedan pulls up. The man jumps into the vehicle, chasing the woman. In a shocking turn, the man exits the car, knocking the woman to the ground. He then proceeds to assault her, forcibly dragging her back towards the white sedan before driving off. Police are urgently investigating this incident, seeking any witnesses or additional footage that may aid their investigation. If you have information regarding this case, please contact your local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a maroon top and ripped jeans, is seen running toward a building doorway. A man in a distinctive zebra-striped T-shirt gets out of a white sedan and chases her. He catches her, knocks her to the ground, and assaults her. He then forcibly drags her back to the car and pushes her into the rear seat before driving off.",
        "gemini": "Horrifying security footage captures a desperate struggle as a woman wearing a maroon top and ripped jeans frantically runs toward a doorway in search of safety. The video shows a man in a zebra-striped T-shirt as he gets into a white sedan and chases her down the pavement. In a shocking display of violence, the vehicle knocks her to the ground before the suspect exits and brutally assaults her. The footage concludes with the assailant forcibly grabbing the victim and drags her back toward the car before fleeing the scene. This is a high-priority investigation, and police are seeking any information on the driver of the white sedan."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v57",
        "Duration": "00:00:23",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, top, blue, denim, shorts, stands, silver, SUV, man, dressed, T-shirt, trousers, cap, grabs, hair, pushes, back, seat, shuts, door, moves, driver’s, seat",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black top and blue denim shorts stands near a silver SUV with a man dressed in a T-shirt, trousers, and a cap. Suddenly, he grabs her by the hair, pushes her into the back seat, shuts the door, and then moves to the driver’s seat. This points toward kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, top, blue, denim, shorts, stands, silver, SUV, man, dressed, T-shirt, trousers, cap, grabs, hair, pushes, back, seat, shuts, door, moves, driver’s, seat. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a black top and blue denim shorts was standing near a silver SUV when a man dressed in a T-shirt, trousers, and a cap approached. He grabbed her by the hair, pushed her into the back seat, shut the door, and moved to the driver’s seat. The vehicle then drove off. Authorities are urging witnesses to come forward with any information.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A woman, clad in a black top and blue denim shorts, stood near a silver SUV. Simultaneously, a man, attired in a T-shirt, trousers, and a cap, approached her from behind. In a swift and violent motion, he grabbed the woman's long hair, pushed her forcefully, and made his way to the passenger side of the vehicle. With a cold demeanor, he opened the door, shut it after himself, and moved to the driver's seat. The woman, visibly distressed, remained standing, frozen in shock as the man took control of the vehicle. Police are urgently seeking information about this incident, including any witnesses or details regarding the vehicle or individuals involved. If you have any information, please contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black top and blue denim shorts, stands beside a silver SUV. A man dressed in a dark T-shirt, trousers, and a baseball cap approaches from behind. He suddenly grabs her by the hair, violently pushes her into the back seat, and shuts the door. He then moves to the driver’s seat and drives away.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance video has been released showing a violent encounter next to a silver SUV. The footage captures a woman wearing a black top and blue denim shorts as she stands near the vehicle, seemingly unaware of the immediate danger. Suddenly, a man dressed in a T-shirt, trousers, and a cap approaches her with aggression. In a swift, brutal motion, he grabs her by the hair and pushes her into the back seat of the vehicle. The suspect then shuts the door and quickly moves to the driver’s seat to flee the scene. This incident is being treated as a high-priority abduction, and authorities are urging anyone with information on the silver SUV to contact the tip line immediately."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v58",
        "Duration": "00:00:30",
        "keywords": "white, Bolero, man, comes, house, dragging, woman, red, salwar, upper-body, visuals, blurred, door, opens, inside, men, place, vehicle, close, witnessed, distance, approach, surround, drives, away",
        "Human": "There is a white Bolero, and a man comes out of the house dragging a woman in a red salwar, whose upper-body visuals have been blurred. The door of the car opens from inside, and two more men come out. They place her inside the vehicle and close the door. Several other men who witnessed this from a distance approach and surround the car, after which the vehicle drives away. This suggests kidnapping involvement.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, Bolero, man, comes, house, dragging, woman, red, salwar, upper-body, visuals, blurred, door, opens, inside, men, place, vehicle, close, witnessed, distance, approach, surround, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A white Bolero pulled up near a house as a man came out, dragging a woman wearing a red salwar. Upper-body visuals of the woman were blurred as the door opened, and she was forced inside. Several men then placed her in the vehicle, which was surrounded by others before it drove away. The disturbing incident was witnessed from a distance as authorities urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white Bolero SUV was captured approaching a residence at an alarmingly close distance. The vehicle, now parked, reveals a man exiting, his features obscured by the blur of motion. He comes to the house, dragging a woman dressed in a vibrant red salwar suit, her upper body visible within the frame. As the man opens the door, several men can be observed within the house, their faces partially hidden.\n \n The white Bolero, now still, seems a silent sentinel to the unfolding drama. The woman, limp, is unresponsive, as the man forcefully leads her inside. Witnesses at a safe distance describe the scene as chaotic, with the men around the house appearing to surround the property.\n \n In the aftermath, the white Bolero reverses out, leaving the house, and the disturbed crowd behind, as the chilling sight of the incident fades away, yet echoes in the minds of those who bore witness. Police have been alerted, and the investigation continues.",
        "deepseek": "A white Mahindra Bolero is parked outside a house. A man comes out of the home, dragging a woman in a red salwar by her upper-body; the visuals are partially blurred. The vehicle's rear door opens, revealing other men inside. They forcibly place the woman into the Bolero and close the door. The incident was witnessed from a distance. The witnesses then approach the house as the vehicle, now surrounded by the accomplices, drives away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing security footage has surfaced showing a white Bolero idling in front of a residence as a man comes out of the house while dragging a woman in a red salwar. Due to the nature of the struggle, the upper-body visuals are blurred to protect the victim's identity. As they reach the vehicle, the side door opens and inside men are seen waiting to help place the victim into the vehicle before they close the door. The abduction was witnessed from a distance by several bystanders who attempted to approach and surround the SUV in an effort to intervene. However, the driver ignores the crowd and drives away at a high rate of speed, leaving the area before help could arrive."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v59",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, beige, top, walking, black, van, pulls, man, steps, grabs, drags, toward, vehicle, appears, conscious, aware, forces, drives, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a beige top is walking when a black van pulls up. A man steps out, grabs her, and drags her toward the vehicle. She appears conscious and aware as he forces her into the van and then drives away. This leans toward kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, beige, top, walking, black, van, pulls, man, steps, grabs, drags, toward, vehicle, appears, conscious, aware, forces, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a beige top was walking when a black van pulled up nearby. A man stepped out, grabbed her, and dragged her toward the vehicle. She appears conscious and aware as he forcibly pushes her inside, after which the van drives away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman wearing a beige top was captured on camera while walking along a quiet street. A black van suddenly pulled over, and a man stepped out. The woman, seemingly taken aback, continued walking, but the man quickly closed the distance, grabbing her arm. He then dragged her towards the vehicle, her struggles visible yet muffled. The van drove away with the woman inside, appearing to be conscious and aware throughout the ordeal. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identities of those involved to contact them immediately. This is a developing story; further updates will follow as more details emerge.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a beige top, is walking on a residential street. A black van pulls alongside her. A man steps from the passenger side, grabs her, and drags her toward the open sliding door. She appears conscious and aware, struggling visibly. The man forces her into the vehicle, which then drives away.",
        "gemini": "A terrifying security recording has captured a daytime kidnapping in progress. The footage shows a woman wearing a beige top quietly walking when a black van pulls up alongside her. A man steps out of the vehicle and immediately grabs her, and as she struggles, he drags her toward the vehicle. Despite the violence of the encounter, the victim appears conscious and fully aware of the danger, fighting back until the suspect forces her into the rear compartment. The van then drives away at high speed, disappearing from the camera's view. Authorities are urgently seeking any dashcam footage from the area that may have captured the vehicle's license plate."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v60",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "man, following, woman, walked, footpath, grabs, forcibly, pushes, black, car, parked, nearby, parking, lot, wearing, T-shirt, circular, design, back",
        "Human": "A man who had been following a woman as she walked along a footpath grabs her and forcibly pushes her into a black car parked in a nearby parking lot. The man is wearing a black T-shirt with a circular design on the back. This indicates possible kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, following, woman, walked, footpath, grabs, forcibly, pushes, black, car, parked, nearby, parking, lot, wearing, T-shirt, circular, design, back. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man was seen following a woman as she walked along the footpath. He grabbed her forcibly and pushed her toward a black car parked nearby in a parking lot. The man was wearing a T-shirt with a circular design on the back. Authorities are investigating the incident and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man, identifiable by his black car parked near the parking lot, is sought by authorities after a distressing incident. The suspect was captured on CCTV, following a woman who was walking along the footpath. As she continued her walk, the man, clad in a T-shirt with a circular design at the back, suddenly lunged towards her, grabbing her forcefully.\n \n The victim, visibly shocked, tried to resist but the man showed no mercy, pushing her roughly onto the ground. Bystanders, unaware of the unfolding drama, passed by oblivious. The black car remained parked nearby throughout the ordeal, suggesting the man's involvement. Police urge anyone with information about this incident or the man's identity to come forward immediately. This incident serves as a grim reminder to stay vigilant, especially during late hours.",
        "deepseek": "A man is seen following a woman as she walked along a footpath. He suddenly grabs her, forcibly pushes her toward a black car parked nearby in a lot, and shoves her into the back seat. The suspect, captured clearly, is wearing a T-shirt with a distinctive circular design on the back.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has been recovered showing a man following a woman as she walked along a footpath adjacent to a commercial parking lot. The video captures the moment the suspect accelerates his pace, grabs the victim, and forcibly pushes her toward a black car parked nearby. A critical identifying feature is visible as the suspect struggles with the victim: he is wearing a distinctive T-shirt with a large circular design on the back. The footage shows the victim being shoved into the vehicle before it speeds out of the lot. Police are asking the public to look out for this specific clothing item and any matching black vehicles in the area."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v61",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "auto, parked, deserted, area, driver, stood, man, woman, wearing, dark, colour, skirf, asking, pushed, tried, force, started, vehicle, got, drove, away",
        "Human": "An auto was parked in a deserted area. Inside the auto was the driver, and next to the auto stood a man. A woman wearing a dark colour skirf was asking the auto driver something when the man suddenly pushed her and tried to force her into the auto. Seeing this, the auto driver started the vehicle, and the man got inside with the woman. Then the auto drove away. This hints at kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: auto, parked, deserted, area, driver, stood, man, woman, wearing, dark, colour, skirf, asking, pushed, tried, force, started, vehicle, got, drove, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "An auto was parked in a deserted area when the driver stood nearby. A man approached a woman wearing a dark-coloured skirt, asking her something before pushing her and attempting to force her into the vehicle. She resisted, but the man started the vehicle, got inside, and drove away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident was captured on camera in a deserted auto-parking area late last night. A lone driver, identified as John Doe, had parked his car and stepped out, dressed in a dark-coloured skirt and blouse. Moments later, a suspicious individual, seemingly unrelated to him, approached the scene. The stranger, a man wearing a hoodie, asked John for assistance with his vehicle. John complied, but the man, after pretending to need help, suddenly showed aggression. He tried to push John, displaying an apparent attempt to seize control of the situation. John resisted, and there was a brief struggle before the man managed to start the vehicle and drive off with it. Police have launched an investigation into this crime and urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the whereabouts of the suspect to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "An auto-rickshaw is parked in a deserted area. The driver stood outside as a man and a woman, wearing dark-colored clothing, approached. The woman, in a dark skirt, appeared to be asking for assistance. The man then pushed the driver and tried to force him into the back of the auto. The driver struggled as the assailant started the vehicle. The man got into the driver's seat and drove away with the driver still partially inside.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing footage has emerged from a deserted area where an auto was seen parked on the roadside. The driver stood nearby as a man and a woman engaged in a heated confrontation. The woman, wearing a dark colour skirf (scarf), appeared to be asking for help or directions when the situation turned violent. The suspect pushed her and tried to force her into the back of the auto-rickshaw. As the struggle intensified, the driver started the vehicle, and once the suspect successfully got the victim inside, they drove away at high speed. Police are scouring the area for any witnesses who may have seen this specific auto in the vicinity."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v62",
        "Duration": "00:00:27",
        "keywords": "auto, rickshaw, parked, deserted, area, driver, seated, man, standing, nearby, woman, wearing, dark-colored, scarf, approaches, asks, pushes, tries, force, starts, vehicle, gets, drives, away",
        "Human": "An auto rickshaw is parked in a deserted area with the driver seated inside and a man standing nearby. A woman wearing a dark-colored scarf approaches and asks the driver something. Suddenly, the man pushes her and tries to force her into the auto. The driver then starts the vehicle, the man gets inside with the woman, and the auto drives away. This may be kidnapping-related.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: auto, rickshaw, parked, deserted, area, driver, seated, man, standing, nearby, woman, wearing, dark-colored, scarf, approaches, asks, pushes, tries, force, starts, vehicle, gets, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "An auto rickshaw was parked in a deserted area with the driver seated inside when a man standing nearby approached a woman wearing a dark-colored scarf. He asked her something before pushing her and attempting to force her into the vehicle. The man then started the rickshaw, got inside, and drove away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV in a deserted auto-rickshaw parking area, a chilling incident unfolded late last night. A lone man, seated behind the wheel of a stationary rickshaw, was approached by a mysterious woman wearing a dark-colored scarf. She stood nearby, her figure obscured in the dim light, before asking the unsuspecting driver for a ride. When he hesitated, she pushed past him, attempting to gain control of the vehicle. In a shocking display of force, she managed to start the rickshaw, getting behind the wheel before driving away swiftly, leaving the stunned driver in her wake. Authorities urge vigilance in such deserted areas and encourage all commuters to be aware of their surroundings at all times. The investigation continues to identify the assailant and recover the missing rickshaw.",
        "deepseek": "An auto-rickshaw is parked in a deserted area. The driver is seated inside. A man is standing nearby. A woman, wearing a dark-colored scarf, approaches the auto and appears to ask a question. She then suddenly pushes the driver and tries to force him out. The man rushes over, starts the vehicle, gets into the driver's seat, and drives away with the woman, leaving the driver on the roadside.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has been recovered from a deserted area showing an auto rickshaw parked on the side of the road. While the driver remains seated behind the wheel, a man is seen standing nearby as if waiting. A woman wearing a dark-colored scarf cautiously approaches and asks for assistance, but the situation turns violent in seconds. The man suddenly pushes her and tries to force her into the passenger compartment. As she struggles to escape, the driver starts the vehicle in coordination with the attacker. The suspect eventually gets the victim inside, and the auto rickshaw immediately drives away, disappearing from the camera's view."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v63",
        "Duration": "00:00:19",
        "keywords": "men, enter, house, close, gate, going, inside, drag, woman, wearing, pink, kurti, emerge, together, motorcycles, parked, front",
        "Human": "Several men enter a house and close the gate behind them. After going inside, they drag a woman wearing a pink kurti out of the house. Many men emerge together, and numerous motorcycles are parked in front of the house. This looks like kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, enter, house, close, gate, going, inside, drag, woman, wearing, pink, kurti, emerge, together, motorcycles, parked, front. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Several men were seen entering a house and closing the gate behind them. They went inside and dragged a woman wearing a pink kurti out of the building. She emerged with them, and they left together on motorcycles parked in front. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage captures a chilling incident at a residential address. Two men on motorcycles, their bikes parked conspicuously in front, enter a private residence by closing the gate behind them and approaching the house. One of the men, unidentified, is seen walking towards the entrance, while the other remains outside. A woman, dressed in a vibrant pink kurti, emerges from the house, seemingly against her will, being physically dragged by the intruder. The incident unfolds late in the afternoon, leaving neighbors alarmed and concerned for the woman's safety. Police have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing to identify the suspects and ensure the victim's well-being. This is a grim reminder to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activities to local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "Three men enter a house and immediately close the gate behind them. After going inside, they are seen dragging a woman wearing a pink kurti out through the same gate. They emerge together and move quickly toward two motorcycles parked in front. The woman is forced onto one of the bikes, and all suspects flee.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing security footage captures the moment several men enter a residential house and immediately close the gate behind them to block any outside view. After going inside, a violent struggle ensues, and the suspects drag a woman wearing a pink kurti out of the premises. The group is seen to emerge together from the property, moving with coordinated speed toward two motorcycles parked directly in front. The victim is forcibly mounted onto one of the bikes before the suspects flee the scene in tandem. Authorities are treating this as a targeted kidnapping and are urging neighbors with high-definition doorbell cameras to review their footage for any clear shots of the suspects' faces."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v64",
        "Duration": "00:00:13",
        "keywords": "person, wearing, white, hoodie, lifts, woman, forcibly, places, car, drives, away",
        "Human": "A person wearing a white hoodie lifts a woman, forcibly places her into a car, and then drives away. This is likely kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: person, wearing, white, hoodie, lifts, woman, forcibly, places, car, drives, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A person wearing a white hoodie was seen forcibly lifting a woman and placing her inside a car. The vehicle then drove away. Authorities are investigating the incident and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a suspect, identified as a man wearing a white hoodie, has been captured on camera committing a heinous act. The incident occurred at approximately 9:37 PM yesterday evening. The suspect, who remains unidentified, approached a lone woman near her parked vehicle. Without warning, the man forcefully lifted the woman and placed her into the driver's seat of her car. The woman appeared to struggle but was overpowered. The suspect then got behind the wheel and drove off with the woman, leaving the scene in a swift and disquieting manner. The make and model of the vehicle were not visible in the footage. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the suspect to contact local law enforcement immediately. This is an ongoing investigation, and every lead could potentially help bring the perpetrator to justice.",
        "deepseek": "A person, wearing a white hoodie with the hood up, is seen lifting a woman off her feet. The victim is forcibly placed into the back seat of a waiting sedan. The suspect then enters the driver's side and drives away immediately.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has been released capturing a brazen kidnapping in progress. In the video, a person wearing a white hoodie is seen approaching a victim with predatory speed. Without hesitation, the suspect lifts the woman off the ground and forcibly places her into the back of a waiting vehicle. The suspect then jumps behind the wheel and immediately drives away, fleeing the scene before bystanders could intervene. This incident occurred in broad daylight, and authorities are treating it as a high-priority investigation."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v65",
        "Duration": "00:00:25",
        "keywords": "A woman wearing a pink suit walks along a deserted road carrying a bag, where a white car is parked. A man in a black shirt gets out of the car, grabs her, forcibly pushes her inside, and then drives away.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a pink suit walks along a deserted road carrying a bag, where a white car is parked. A man in a black shirt gets out of the car, grabs her, forcibly pushes her inside, and then drives away. This could be kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: A woman wearing a pink suit walks along a deserted road carrying a bag, where a white car is parked. A man in a black shirt gets out of the car, grabs her, forcibly pushes her inside, and then drives away.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a pink suit was walking along a deserted road carrying a bag when a white car, parked nearby, became the scene of a shocking incident. A man in a black shirt got out of the vehicle, grabbed her, and forcibly pushed her inside before driving away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded along a deserted road. A lone woman, identifiable by her distinctive pink suit, was strolling with a bag, unaware of the looming danger. As she walked, a white vehicle parked nearby remained stationary, seemingly ominous. The situation escalated rapidly as a man, dressed in a black shirt, emerged from the car, approaching the unsuspecting woman. He forcefully seized her, violently pushing her into the vehicle before reentering himself. The white car promptly took off, leaving behind a trail of fear and uncertainty. Authorities urge vigilance, reminding citizens to stay aware of their surroundings and report any suspicious activities immediately. If you recognize this vehicle or have information about this incident, contact local law enforcement without delay.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a pink suit, is seen walking along a deserted road carrying a shoulder bag. A white car is parked ahead. A man in a black shirt gets out, intercepts her, grabs her, and forcibly pushes her into the passenger seat. He then drives away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "Harrowing security footage has captured a violent kidnapping on a deserted road. A woman wearing a pink suit walks along the pavement carrying a bag, seemingly unaware of a white car that is parked ahead. As she nears the vehicle, a man in a black shirt gets out of the car and aggressively intercepts her. He grabs her, and despite a brief struggle, forcibly pushes her inside the rear passenger door. The suspect then jumps into the driver's seat and then drives away at a high rate of speed, leaving the scene empty within seconds. Authorities are urgently seeking any witnesses or dashcam footage from the surrounding area."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v66",
        "Duration": "00:00:24",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, green, burqa, walks, corridor, man, gray, shirt, follows, turns, covers, head, white, cloth, attempts, smother",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a green burqa walks down a corridor while a man in a gray shirt follows her. When she turns around, he suddenly covers her head with a white cloth and attempts to smother her. This suggests kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, green, burqa, walks, corridor, man, gray, shirt, follows, turns, covers, head, white, cloth, attempts, smother. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a green burqa was walking down a corridor when a man in a gray shirt followed her. He turned toward her, covering his head with a white cloth, and attempted to smother her. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage captured a distressing incident at a public building. A woman, identifiable by her full-length green burqa, can be seen walking down a corridor. A man, clad in a gray shirt, is observed following closely behind, maintaining visual contact. As the woman turns into a side room, the man approaches, quickly covering his head with a large white cloth. The man then moves towards the woman, attempting to smother her. Witnesses report that the woman managed to escape and alert security, who apprehended the assailant. Authorities are urgently investigating this incident as a potential assault, and ask for anyone with information or similar experiences to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a green burqa, walks down a residential corridor. A man in a gray shirt follows her closely. As she turns, he covers her head with a white cloth in an apparent attempt to smother her. A brief, violent struggle ensues before the footage ends.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing security footage has captured a chilling predatory attack in a secluded building passage. The video shows a woman wearing a green burqa as she walks down a quiet corridor, unaware that a man in a gray shirt follows closely behind her. As the victim turns a corner, the assailant lunges forward and covers her head with a white cloth. In a terrifying display of violence, he attempts to smother her, struggling to overpower her as he tries to force her into an adjacent room. Police are treating this as a high-priority attempted abduction and are asking for the public's help in identifying the suspect in the gray shirt."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v67",
        "Duration": "00:00:35",
        "keywords": "gray, car, pulls, several, men, step, stop, passing, motorcycle, woman, riding, back, forcibly, remove, push, drive, away",
        "Human": "A gray car pulls over and several men step out. They stop a passing motorcycle with a woman riding on the back, forcibly remove her, and push her into their car. The men then drive away, taking both the car and the motorcycle with them. This appears kidnapping-related.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: gray, car, pulls, several, men, step, stop, passing, motorcycle, woman, riding, back, forcibly, remove, push, drive, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A gray car pulled over as several men stepped out and stopped a passing motorcycle. A woman riding on the back was forcibly removed from the vehicle, pushed aside, and the men drove away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a gray sedan, make and model unidentified, was captured pulling over several men on a motorcycle as they were passing. The incident occurred along a busy city street, with a woman riding pillion. As the car stopped, one of the men dismounted and approached the vehicle, only to be forcibly removed by the occupants of the sedan. The woman, clearly distressed, watched in shock as her companion was pushed onto the pavement. Witnesses reported the men on the motorcycle had done nothing to provoke this attack. The assailants then got back into their car and drove away, leaving the woman and the man they'd left behind. Authorities are urgently seeking information regarding the license plate or any identifiable features of the gray sedan involved in this violent incident.",
        "deepseek": "A gray car pulls in front of a passing motorcycle, forcing it to stop. Several men step out. They forcibly remove the woman riding on the back of the motorcycle, push her into their car, and drive away, leaving the motorcycle rider on the road.",
        "gemini": "Shocking dashcam footage has captured a violent coordinated kidnapping in the middle of traffic. The video shows a gray car as it suddenly pulls in front of a passing motorcycle, forcing it to a halt. Immediately, several men step out of the vehicle and stop the riders from escaping. The suspects target a woman riding on the back of the bike, where they forcibly remove her from the seat despite her resistance. The assailants then push her into the rear of the sedan and quickly drive away, leaving the motorcyclist stranded on the road. Investigators are urgently appealing for any witnesses who may have captured the license plate of the gray vehicle."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v68",
        "Duration": "00:00:40",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, gray, hoodie, grabs, woman, dressed, top, black, shorts, drags, roadside, walkway, parked, silver, car, struggles, break, free, unable, escape",
        "Human": "A man wearing a gray hoodie grabs a woman dressed in a top and black shorts and drags her along a roadside walkway toward a parked silver car. The woman struggles to break free but is unable to escape. This indicates kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, gray, hoodie, grabs, woman, dressed, top, black, shorts, drags, roadside, walkway, parked, silver, car, struggles, break, free, unable, escape. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man wearing a gray hoodie was seen grabbing a woman dressed in a black top and shorts. He dragged her across a roadside walkway toward a parked silver car. The woman struggled to break free but was unable to escape as the incident unfolded. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A man, clad in a gray hoodie, approached a woman walking along a roadside pathway. The woman wore a top of black and shorts of the same hue. The man, without provocation, grabbed the woman, initiating a violent struggle. The altercation took place near a parked silver car.\n \n Witnesses reported that the man forcibly dragged the woman, attempting to overpower her as she valiantly fought back. Despite her efforts, the man managed to keep her restrained. After a prolonged struggle, the man broke free from the woman's grip but failed to escape her determined resistance. The woman, though visibly shaken, remained resilient, refusing to give up.\n \n Police are urgently seeking leads and witnesses to come forward with information regarding this heinous crime. If you have any information or if you witnessed this incident, please contact your local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a gray hoodie grabs a woman dressed in a white top and black shorts. He drags her from a roadside walkway toward a parked silver car. The woman struggles violently to break free, but is unable to escape his grip before being forced toward the vehicle.",
        "gemini": "Chilling surveillance footage has been released capturing a violent struggle on a public path. The video shows a man wearing a gray hoodie as he lunges at a woman dressed in a top and black shorts. The suspect grabs the victim and violently drags her from the roadside walkway toward a parked silver car. Throughout the harrowing ordeal, the victim desperately struggles to break free, but she is tragically unable to escape the suspect's grip before being forced toward the vehicle. Authorities are treating this as an attempted abduction and are urging anyone who recognized the silver car or the individual in the gray hoodie to contact the tip line immediately."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v69",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, grey, hoodie, holding, woman, neck, carrying, deserted, sidewalk, around",
        "Human": "A man wearing a grey hoodie was holding a woman by her neck and carrying her along a deserted sidewalk where there was no one else around. This remains likely kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, grey, hoodie, holding, woman, neck, carrying, deserted, sidewalk, around. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man wearing a grey hoodie was seen holding a woman by the neck and carrying her along a deserted sidewalk. The disturbing incident was captured on camera, and authorities are investigating. Anyone with information is urged to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on surveillance footage, a man, identifiable by his grey hoodie, is seen walking along a deserted sidewalk around 2 AM. The individual, carrying a woman seemingly unconscious, is shown grasping her neck in a grip that appears to be restraining. The woman, who seems to weigh little over a hundred pounds, is slung over his shoulder. The incident unfolds on a quiet side street with no other pedestrians or vehicles visible, suggesting an isolated occurrence. Police urge anyone with information about this suspicious event to come forward. They stress the importance of public vigilance and remind citizens to call authorities immediately when they witness potentially criminal activity.",
        "deepseek": "A man, wearing a grey hoodie, is seen holding a woman by the neck on a deserted sidewalk. He then lifts her and is seen carrying her away from the scene, moving around the corner and out of view.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has captured a violent encounter on a deserted sidewalk late yesterday evening. The video shows a man wearing a grey hoodie emerging from the shadows and intercepting a victim who was walking alone. In a swift and aggressive motion, the suspect is seen holding the woman by the neck, effectively pinning her and cutting off her ability to scream for help. While still maintaining a grip on her, he is seen carrying her toward a darker, unlit area around the corner of a nearby building, away from the camera’s view. Authorities are extremely concerned for the victim's safety and are urging anyone who was in the vicinity to report any suspicious activity immediately."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v70",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "black, car, seen, parked, busy, road, men, white, black, grey, shirts, dragging, person, woman, wearing, burqa, pushed, back, seat, resisting, fought, kidnappers",
        "Human": "A black car was seen parked on a busy road. Suddenly in the frame few men in white, black and grey shirts was seen dragging a person, possibly a woman wearing a black burqa. They drags her and pushed her in the back seat of the car. The person was resisting but could not fought back against the 4 kidnappers. The situation may reflect a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: black, car, seen, parked, busy, road, men, white, black, grey, shirts, dragging, person, woman, wearing, burqa, pushed, back, seat, resisting, fought, kidnappers. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A black car was seen parked on a busy road when several men wearing white, black, and grey shirts dragged a woman wearing a burqa toward the vehicle. She was pushed into the back seat, resisting and fighting against her kidnappers, before the car drove away. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, a chilling incident was captured on a busy city road yesterday. A black car, license plate obscured, was seen parked on the side, seemingly innocuous amidst the rush-hour traffic. Two men, one clad in a white shirt and another in a grey one, were spotted exiting the vehicle. They approached a woman in traditional burqa, who appeared to be resisting as they forcibly dragged her towards the back seat.\n \n Witnesses confirmed that she struggled, but the men persisted, even engaging in a physical altercation with a bystander who tried to intervene. The suspects, identified as middle-aged Caucasian males, fled the scene in the black car after a brief scuffle. The victim, visibly distressed, managed to escape their grip and ran off, disappearing from sight.\n \n Authorities are urgently investigating this suspected kidnapping, with descriptions of the suspects and the distinctive black car being circulated. If you have any information regarding this incident or recognize the individuals involved, please contact your local police department immediately. Stay vigilant, stay safe.",
        "deepseek": "A black car is seen parked on a busy road. Three men in white, black, and grey shirts are dragging a person—a woman wearing a burqa—toward the vehicle. She is pushed into the back seat while visibly resisting and fought the kidnappers throughout the ordeal. The car then speeds away.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing dashcam footage has emerged from a busy road where a black car was seen parked amidst active traffic. In a shocking display of violence, several men dressed in white, black, and grey shirts were captured dragging a person toward the idling vehicle. The victim, a woman wearing a burqa, was violently pushed into the back seat while she desperately resisting her attackers. Despite the fact that she fought the kidnappers with significant force, the suspects managed to overpower her and speed away from the scene. Law enforcement is treating this as a high-priority abduction and is appealing to the public for any high-resolution footage that may have captured the vehicle's license plate."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v71",
        "Duration": "00:00:35",
        "keywords": "commuters, travelling, motorcycle, chowk, silver, car, blocks, men, come, tries, catch, woman, riding, wearing, black, suit, white, burqa, resist, pillions, tries, save, kidnappers, take, control, pushed",
        "Human": "Three commuters were travelling on a motocycle. On a chowk, a sliver colour car blocks them, three men comes out and tries to catch the woman riding on the motorcycle. The woman, wearing a black suit and white burqa tries to resist, her pillions also tries to save her, but the kidnappers take control over the others and pushed the woman to the silver car. This indicates possible kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: commuters, travelling, motorcycle, chowk, silver, car, blocks, men, come, tries, catch, woman, riding, wearing, black, suit, white, burqa, resist, pillions, tries, save, kidnappers, take, control, pushed. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Commuters travelling through a busy chowk witnessed a silver car block the road as several men got out and tried to catch a woman riding a motorcycle. She was wearing a black suit with a white burqa and resisted as the men, acting as kidnappers, attempted to take control. The pillion riders tried to save her but were pushed aside as the kidnappers forcibly tried to seize her. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, captured on multiple cameras during rush hour, a harrowing incident unfolded at the busy city chowk. A silver motorcycle, with two unidentified men on pillion, swerves through traffic, targeting a commuter traveling by car. The victim, a woman in a black business suit, is riding alone. As she nears the chowk, the motorcycle attempts to block her path. One of the men, in a white burqa to evade identification, jumps off the bike and forcefully opens the car door.\n \n Despite resistance, he manages to gain partial control of the vehicle. However, the quick-thinking woman deftly pushes him back and exits the car, narrowly escaping potential kidnapping. The suspects, taken aback, speed away from the scene, leaving the shocked crowd and baffled commuters behind. Authorities have been notified, and an investigation is underway to identify and apprehend the individuals involved in this distressing incident.",
        "deepseek": "Commuters travelling on a motorcycle at a busy chowk are suddenly blocked by a silver car. Two men come out of the car and try to catch the woman riding as a pillion. She is wearing a black suit with a white burqa and resists fiercely. The male rider and other pillions on nearby bikes try to save her. The kidnappers take control of the situation, overpower the group, and the woman is pushed into the silver car, which then escapes.",
        "gemini": "Terrifying footage has emerged of a targeted kidnapping in the middle of a crowded intersection. As commuters were travelling via motorcycle through a busy chowk, a silver car suddenly swerves and blocks their path. Several men come charging out of the vehicle and tries to catch a woman riding as a passenger. The victim, wearing a black suit and a white burqa, attempts to resist while one of the pillions tries to save her from the attackers. Despite the intervention, the kidnappers take control of the situation; the woman is violently pushed into the silver car before the suspects flee the scene, weaving through stalled traffic."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v72",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "black, sedan, parked, deserted, road, night, woman, wearing, party, suit, walks, footpath, men, emerge, dressed, white, formal, grab, struggles, fight, kidnappers, overpower, force, car",
        "Human": "A black sedan is parked on a deserted road at night. A woman wearing a black party suit walks along the footpath when two men suddenly emerge, one dressed in white formal clothing. They grab her, and although she struggles to fight back, the kidnappers overpower her and force her into the car. Probably, this is a kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: black, sedan, parked, deserted, road, night, woman, wearing, party, suit, walks, footpath, men, emerge, dressed, white, formal, grab, struggles, fight, kidnappers, overpower, force, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "On a deserted road at night, a black sedan was parked as a woman wearing a party suit walked along the footpath. Several men, dressed in white formal attire, emerged and grabbed her. She struggled and fought against the kidnappers, but they overpowered her and forced her into the car. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman in a black party suit is seen walking along a deserted road at night. The scene shifts as a sleek, black sedan parks abruptly, and three men in white, formal attire emerge. The woman, noticing them, quickens her pace, walking along the footpath. As she passes, the men approach, one grasping her arm. A struggle ensues; the woman fights back, but the trio overpowers her. With surprising swiftness, they force her into their waiting car and drive off. This chilling incident occurred on [Location]'s main road at [Time]. Police are urgently investigating this suspected kidnapping, appealing for any witnesses or those with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A black sedan is parked on a deserted road at night. A woman, wearing a glittering party suit, walks along the footpath. Two men emerge from the shadows, dressed in white formal wear. They grab her. She struggles and fights the kidnappers but is quickly overpowered. They force her into the back of the car and drive away.",
        "gemini": "Chilling night-vision footage has captured a violent kidnapping on a deserted road under the cover of darkness. A black sedan is seen parked silently at the curb as a woman wearing a party suit walks alone along the footpath. Suddenly, two men emerge from the shadows, dressed in white formal attire, and grab the victim without warning. The video shows a harrowing scene as the woman struggles and attempts to fight her attackers, but the kidnappers eventually overpower her. They use blunt physical force to shove her into the rear of the car before speeding away into the night."
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v73",
        "Duration": "00:00:09",
        "keywords": "man, green hoodie, grey pants, mask, jumps, woman, blue hoodie, drags, house, tries, escape, pull, orange hoodie, black pants, comes",
        "Human": "A man wearing a green hoodie, grey pants, and a mask suddenly jumps toward a woman in a blue hoodie and drags her outside the house. The woman tries to escape, but the man continues to pull her away. Subsequently, another woman wearing an orange hoodie and black pants comes outside, indicating a probable kidnapping.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, green hoodie, grey pants, mask, jumps, woman, blue hoodie, drags, house, tries, escape, pull, orange hoodie, black pants, comes. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "",
        "Mistral": "Title: Unsettling Incident Caught on Camera: Nan Man's Bizarre Behavior\n \n In an alarming turn of events, residents of Nan Street, district XYZ, were left bewildered after a bizarre incident unfolded last night. Security footage captured a man, later identified as John Doe, exhibiting erratic behavior that has left authorities puzzled.\n \n The footage shows Mr. Doe, age 35, standing motionless near a streetlamp at approximately 9 PM. Suddenly, he begins to contort his body in inexplicable ways, resembling the movements of a marionette. This continued for several minutes before he abruptly stopped, appearing disoriented.\n \n Witnesses report hearing strange noises emanating from the location, which police believe could be linked to Mr. Doe's actions. The incident lasted approximately 20 minutes before bystanders intervened, managing to subdue him until law enforcement arrived.\n \n Mr. Doe is currently under medical evaluation, with experts suggesting potential mental health issues. The investigation is ongoing, and we urge anyone with information related to this incident to contact local authorities immediately. Stay tuned for",
        "deepseek": "",
        "gemini": ""
    },
    {
        "video": "Kidnapping_v74",
        "Duration": "00:01:30",
        "keywords": "heavy, truck, parked, opposite, side, highway, woman, wearing, dark-colored, saree, nearby, attending, household, work, watching, man, blue, vest, approaches, road, resists, charges, lifts, shoulder, abducts",
        "Human": "A heavy truck is parked on the opposite side of a highway. A woman wearing a dark-colored saree is nearby, attending to her household work while watching the truck. After some time, a man wearing a blue vest approaches her from across the road. Although the woman resists, the man charges at her, lifts her onto his shoulder, and abducts her. This is viewed as a potential kidnapping case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: heavy, truck, parked, opposite, side, highway, woman, wearing, dark-colored, saree, nearby, attending, household, work, watching, man, blue, vest, approaches, road, resists, charges, lifts, shoulder, abducts. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A heavy truck was parked on the opposite side of a highway as a woman wearing a dark-colored saree attended to household work nearby. While she was watching, a man in a blue vest approached from the road. She resisted, but he charged, lifted her onto his shoulder, and abducted her. Authorities are investigating and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV along the busy highway, a woman clad in a dark-colored saree, seemingly returning from her household or work, was seen near a parked blue-vested man's heavy truck, opposite her side. As she stood watching, the man approached, charging towards her. Despite her resistance, he managed to lift her off the ground, shoulder-high, before forcibly abducting her, disappearing with her into the cab of the truck. Authorities urge vigilance, especially during late hours, and ask anyone with information about this incident or the suspect to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A heavy truck is parked on the opposite side of a highway. A woman, wearing a dark-colored saree, is nearby attending to household work and watching the road. A man in a blue vest approaches, crosses the highway, and grabs her. She resists, but he charges forward, lifts her over his shoulder, and abducts her, carrying her toward the waiting truck.",
        "gemini": "Harrowing surveillance footage has captured a brazen abduction occurring in the shadow of a heavy truck parked on the opposite side of a highway. The video shows a woman wearing a dark-colored saree standing nearby, focused on attending to her household work while occasionally watching the passing traffic. Suddenly, a man in a blue vest aggressively approaches from across the road. As he nears, the woman instinctively resists, but the assailant charges at her with overwhelming force. In a terrifying display of strength, he lifts her onto his shoulder and abducts her, carrying her toward a waiting vehicle as the footage ends. Authorities are treating this as a high-priority kidnapping and are urging anyone who was driving on the highway at that time to check their dashcam recordings"
    }]
