[{
        "video": "Harassment_v1",
        "Duration": "00:00:13",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, burqa, walking, along, empty, road, man, wearing, black, shirt, pants, followed, suddenly, grabbed, behind, resisted, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a black burqa was walking along an empty road when a man wearing a black shirt and black pants followed her. He suddenly grabbed her from behind, but she resisted, and the man then fled the scene. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, burqa, walking, along, empty, road, man, wearing, black, shirt, pants, followed, suddenly, grabbed, behind, resisted, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in a black burqa, walking along an empty road. A man, wearing a black shirt and pants, followed her and suddenly grabbed from behind. The victim resisted as the suspect fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, clad in a black burqa, is seen walking alone along an empty road late at night. Suddenly, a man, attired in a black shirt and pants, emerges from the shadows, following closely behind her. The woman continues to walk, seemingly unaware, until the man abruptly grabs her from behind. She reacts instantly, struggling fiercely as he attempts to restrain her. A brief scuffle ensues before the man releases his grip and flees the scene. Police have released this footage as part of their investigation into this violent attack on the woman. Anyone with information is urged to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a black burqa was walking along an empty road when a man wearing a black shirt and pants followed her closely from behind; he suddenly grabbed her, but she resisted forcefully, causing him to release his grip and flee the scene before any further assault could occur.",
        "gemini": "A woman dressed in a black burqa was walking along an empty road when a man wearing a black shirt and pants followed her. Suddenly, the suspect grabbed her from behind. The victim resisted the attack, causing the assailant to fled the scene immediately"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v2",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, red, top, white, skirt, massaging, face, neck, hands, staircase, man, striped, t-shirt, climbing, stands, aside, harasses, touching, inappropriately, shoulders, response, tried, catch",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a red top and a white skirt is massaging her face and neck with her hands on the staircase, and a man dressed in a red and white striped t-shirt is climbing the staircase. She stands aside as a man harasses her by touching her inappropriately on the shoulders. In response, she tried to catch him. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, red, top, white, skirt, massaging, face, neck, hands, staircase, man, striped, t-shirt, climbing, stands, aside, harasses, touching, inappropriately, shoulders, response, tried, catch. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in a red top and white skirt, massaging her face, neck, and hands on a staircase. A man in a striped t-shirt is seen climbing, then stands aside and harasses her, touching inappropriately on her shoulders. The victim tried to catch him in response.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a distressing incident at a public location. A woman, identifiable by her red top and white skirt, is seen massaging her face, neck, and shoulders, seemingly trying to calm herself. As she ascends the staircase, a man in a striped t-shirt follows, his actions becoming increasingly intrusive as he climbs. He stands aside, observing before reaching out and inappropriately touching her shoulder. The victim attempts to respond, but her efforts to catch him seem in vain. The offender, wearing a casual shirt with distinct horizontal lines, continues to harass her, lingering around as she moves up the stairs. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or similar occurrences to come forward, emphasizing the importance of maintaining a safe environment for all individuals.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a red top and white skirt was massaging her face and neck with her hands on a staircase when a man in a striped t-shirt, climbing past, stood aside and began to harass her, touching her inappropriately on the shoulders; in response, she immediately tried to catch his arm, but he pulled away and fled upwards before she could detain him.",
        "gemini": "A woman dressed in a red top and a white skirt was standing on a staircase, massaging her face and neck with her hands. A man wearing a striped t-shirt was climbing the stairs when he suddenly stands aside and harasses her, touching her inappropriately on the shoulders. In response, the victim immediately tried to catch the assailant as he fled."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v3",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, printed, t-shirt, maroon, checked, pants, standing, store, man, white, checked, shirt, enters, moves, towards, back, inappropriately, touched, incident, turns, start, arguing",
        "Human": "a woman dressed in white printed t-shirt and marooon checked pants is standing in a store, then man dressed in white checked shirt enters the store and moves towards her back and inappropiately touched her back. In response of incident, she turns back and start arguing with him. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, printed, t-shirt, maroon, checked, pants, standing, store, man, white, checked, shirt, enters, moves, towards, back, inappropriately, touched, incident, turns, start, arguing. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in a white, printed t-shirt and maroon, checked pants, standing inside a store. A man, wearing a white, checked shirt, enters and moves towards her back, inappropriately touching her. The incident escalates as the victim turns and they start arguing.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling incident captured on CCTV, a distressing event unfolded at a local retail store. A woman, identifiable by her white, printed maroon checkered t-shirt and matching pants, stood calmly in the store. As a man, wearing a similar white, checked shirt, entered, he moved purposefully towards her. The footage shows him inappropriately touching the woman before turning and starting to argue with her, their heated exchange continuing as they both moved further back into the store. Police have released this footage as part of their investigation, urging anyone with information about the incident or the individuals involved to come forward. The store is cooperating fully with the police investigation and has taken steps to ensure customer safety.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a white printed t-shirt and maroon checked pants was standing in a store when a man in a white checked shirt entered, moved towards her from behind, and inappropriately touched her; the incident caused her to turn and start arguing as he quickly retreated towards the exit.",
        "gemini": "A woman dressed in a white printed t-shirt and maroon checked pants was standing in a store when a man in a white checked shirt enters the premises. As he moves towards the back, he inappropriately touched her. Following the incident, the victim immediately turns toward him and starts arguing with the suspect"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v4",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "woman, walking, along, road, talking, phone, several, cars, parked, sides, man, wearing, white, shirt, blue, pants, followed, short, distance, assaulted, fought, back, struggle, attracting, attention, others, nearby, moved, apprehend, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman was walking along the road while talking on her phone, with several cars parked on both sides. A man wearing a white shirt and blue pants followed her and, after a short distance, assaulted her. She fought back during the struggle, attracting the attention of others nearby, who moved to apprehend the man. He then fled the scene. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, walking, along, road, talking, phone, several, cars, parked, sides, man, wearing, white, shirt, blue, pants, followed, short, distance, assaulted, fought, back, struggle, attracting, attention, others, nearby, moved, apprehend, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman walking along a road, talking on her phone, with several cars parked on both sides. A man, wearing a white shirt and blue pants, followed her at a short distance before assaulting her. She fought back, leading to a struggle that attracted the attention of others nearby. The suspect moved to apprehend her but ultimately fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded along a residential street. A woman, calmly speaking into her mobile phone while walking down the road, was approached by a man dressed in a white shirt and blue pants. Several cars were parked on either side, their occupants seemingly unaware or indifferent to the escalating situation. The man followed at a short distance before assaulting the woman, instigating a violent altercation. The woman fought back valiantly, a struggle ensued as they grappled on the pavement. The commotion attracted the attention of others nearby, yet no immediate action was taken. Witnesses merely observed from afar, seemingly frozen by shock or fear. Eventually, concerned citizens moved closer, managing to apprehend the assailant before he could flee the scene. Police were notified, and the area remained active as investigations continued. This incident serves as a stark reminder to stay vigilant, to intervene when witnessing potential harm, and to prioritize the safety and well-being of all individuals.",
        "deepseek": "A woman was walking along a road talking on her phone between several parked cars when a man wearing a white shirt and blue pants followed her for a short distance before assaulting her; she fought back fiercely during the struggle, attracting the attention of others nearby who moved to apprehend the assailant, causing him to break free and flee the scene.",
        "gemini": "A woman was walking along a road while talking on her phone, passing several cars parked on the sides. A man wearing a white shirt and blue pants followed her from a short distance before he suddenly assaulted her. The victim bravely fought back, and the resulting struggle began attracting the attention of others nearby. As bystanders moved to apprehend him, the suspect fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v5",
        "Duration": "00:00:12",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, top, beige, pants, walking, away, table, holding, papers, man, red, T-shirt, seated, stood, another, dressed, blue, pants, passed, touched, back, reacted, grabbing, shirt, tried, walk, pulling, restraining, neck, forcing, ground, using, body, weight",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black top and beige pants was walking away from a table, holding some papers, where a man in a red T-shirt was seated. As she stood there, another man dressed in a red T-shirt and blue pants passed by and touched her back. She reacted immediately, grabbing him by his shirt as he tried to walk away, pulling him back, restraining him by the neck, and forcing him to the ground using her body weight. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, top, beige, pants, walking, away, table, holding, papers, man, red, T-shirt, seated, stood, another, dressed, blue, pants, passed, touched, back, reacted, grabbing, shirt, tried, walk, pulling, restraining, neck, forcing, ground, using, body, weight. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a black top and beige pants, walking away from a table, holding papers. A man in a red T-shirt, seated, stood as another, dressed in blue pants, passed and touched her back. She reacted, grabbing his shirt and tried to walk away, but he pulled, restraining her neck and forcing her to the ground, using his body weight.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a distressing incident at a public café. A woman, identifiable by her black top and beige pants, is seen walking away from a table where a man in a red T-shirt was seated. As she passes, a third individual, dressed in blue pants, suddenly emerges. He touches the woman's back, causing her to react and attempt to walk away. The man in the red T-shirt stands up, and the individual in blue begins to pull at the woman's arm, attempting to restrain her. The woman, visibly distressed, tries to free herself, but the man in blue forces her to the ground. Using his body weight, he pins her down and appears to be trying to grab her shirt. Bystanders quickly intervene, and the man in red also joins in an attempt to stop the altercation. This incident is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "A woman in a black top and beige pants was walking away from a table holding papers when a man in a red T-shirt, who had been seated, stood up; as another man dressed in blue pants passed and inappropriately touched her back, she reacted by grabbing the first man's shirt, who then tried to walk away, leading to a struggle where he was seen pulling and restraining her by the neck, forcing her to the ground and using his body weight to pin her.",
        "gemini": "A woman wearing a black top and beige pants was walking away from a table while holding papers when the situation turned violent. As a man in a red T-shirt remained seated, another suspect dressed in blue pants passed her and touched her back. The victim immediately reacted by grabbing his shirt, but the assailant tried to walk away, pulling and restraining her by the neck before forcing her to the ground using his full body weight."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v6",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "supermarket, three, people, standing, two, men, one, wearing, white, jacket, other, green, shirt, woman, dressed, black-and-white, striped, slapped, back, causing, turn, surprise",
        "Human": "Inside a supermarket, three people were standing together: two men—one wearing a white jacket and the other a green shirt—and a woman dressed in a black-and-white striped shirt. Suddenly, the man in the green shirt slapped the woman on her back, causing her to turn around in surprise. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: supermarket, three, people, standing, two, men, one, wearing, white, jacket, other, green, shirt, woman, dressed, black-and-white, striped, slapped, back, causing, turn, surprise. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a supermarket shows three people standing together: two men, one wearing a white jacket, the other a green shirt, and a woman, dressed in black-and-white, striped. The woman is slapped on the back, causing her to turn in surprise.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured at a local supermarket, three individuals can be seen standing near the checkout counters. Two men, one clad in a white jacket and another in a green shirt, appear to be engaged in a heated conversation. A third person, a woman dressed in a black-and-white striped outfit, suddenly intervenes. With surprising swiftness, she slaps the man in the white jacket, causing those around to recoil in shock. The man turns slightly, seemingly stunned by the sudden attack, before the video ends. Authorities are currently investigating this violent altercation that unfolded within the usually bustling aisles of the supermarket.",
        "deepseek": "Surveillance footage shows a woman walking along a residential road, engaged in a phone call between lanes of parked cars. A man in a white shirt and blue pants is seen following her for a short distance before initiating a sudden assault. The victim fought back fiercely, her resistance creating a visible struggle that attracted the attention of bystanders. As several individuals moved to intervene and apprehend the attacker, he broke free from the fray and fled the scene. The suspect remains at large.",
        "gemini": "In a supermarket, three people were standing near an aisle. Among them were two men—one wearing a white jacket and the other a green shirt—and a woman dressed in a black-and-white striped top. Suddenly, one of the men slapped her on the back, causing the woman to turn in complete surprise as the incident unfolded"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v7",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "public, place, woman, dressed, black-and-white, dress, repeatedly, refused, unwanted, contact, man, wearing, white, attempted, touch, inappropriately, harassed, two, other, men, stood, nearby, watching, inciden",
        "Human": "In a public place, a woman dressed in a black-and-white dress repeatedly refused unwanted contact, while a man wearing white attempted to touch her inappropriately and harassed her. Two other men stood nearby, watching the incident. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: public, place, woman, dressed, black-and-white, dress, repeatedly, refused, unwanted, contact, man, wearing, white, attempted, touch, inappropriately, harassed, two, other, men, stood, nearby, watching, inciden. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a public place shows a woman, dressed in a black-and-white dress, who repeatedly refused unwanted contact from a man, wearing white, who attempted to touch her inappropriately. The woman was harassed as two other men stood nearby, watching the incident unfold.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on surveillance footage at a busy public square, a woman, elegantly dressed in black and white, was subjected to harassment while enjoying a solitary afternoon. A man, clad in white, repeatedly refused her attempts to disengage from unwanted contact. The incident unfolded as he inappropriately touched her, while two other men standing nearby watched without intervention.\n \n The victim, visibly distressed, tried to move away but was pursued by the harasser. The disturbing sequence was recorded in crystal clear detail, offering a stark reminder of the prevalence of such incidents even in bustling, populated areas. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident or similar occurrences to come forward. They remind citizens that harassment of any kind is not tolerated and those responsible will be brought to justice.",
        "deepseek": "In a public place, a woman dressed in a black-and-white dress is seen repeatedly refusing unwanted contact from a man wearing a white shirt. He attempted to touch her inappropriately and continued to harass her. Two other men stood nearby, watching the incident without intervening.",
        "gemini": "In a public place, a woman dressed in a black-and-white dress repeatedly refused unwanted contact from a persistent individual. A man wearing white attempted to touch her inappropriately and harassed her despite her clear resistance. Throughout the incident, two other men stood nearby, merely watching as the confrontation unfolded."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v8",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "children’s, play, area, mall, several, children, playing, alongside, guardians, time, man, wearing, white, T-shirt, approached, woman, dressed, black-and-white, outfit, groped, behind, pushing, startled, act, immediately, turned, around, response",
        "Human": "Inside the children’s play area of a mall, several children were playing alongside their guardians. During this time, a man wearing a white T-shirt approached a woman dressed in a black-and-white outfit and groped her from behind, pushing her as well. Startled by the act, the woman immediately turned around in response. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: children’s, play, area, mall, several, children, playing, alongside, guardians, time, man, wearing, white, T-shirt, approached, woman, dressed, black-and-white, outfit, groped, behind, pushing, startled, act, immediately, turned, around, response. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a children’s play area in a mall shows several children playing alongside their guardians. A man, wearing a white T-shirt, approached a woman, dressed in a black-and-white outfit, and groped her from behind, pushing her. The victim was startled by the act and immediately turned around in response.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling incident at a bustling mall's children's play area, surveillance footage reveals a disturbing sequence of events. Several children, engrossed in their play, were unaware as a man, dressed in a white T-shirt, approached a woman in a black-and-white outfit supervising them. The man, without warning, is seen gropping the woman from behind, pushing her slightly. The woman was startled, turning around immediately to find the perpetrator. The children's laughter subsided as the commotion drew attention. The man, sensing his act noticed, quickly disappeared into the crowd. Mall security was notified, and a response team was mobilized to search for the suspect. The public is urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity promptly.",
        "deepseek": "In a children’s play area at a mall, several children were playing alongside their guardians. A man, wearing a white T-shirt, approached a woman dressed in a black-and-white outfit from behind and groped her, pushing against her. The startled victim immediately turned around in response as the man retreated into the crowd.",
        "gemini": "In a children’s play area inside a mall, several children were playing alongside their guardians when a disturbing incident occurred. At that time, a man wearing a white T-shirt approached a woman dressed in a black-and-white outfit and groped her from behind, pushing her in the process. The startled victim of this act immediately turned around in response"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v9",
        "Duration": "00:00:38",
        "keywords": "broad, daylight, man, dressed, white, T-shirt, seen, assaulting, woman, pink, road, lined, parked, cars, sides, striking, multiple, times, dragging, across, street, pulling, hair, tried, resist, pleaded, listen, continued, assault",
        "Human": "In broad daylight, a man dressed in a white T-shirt was seen assaulting a woman dressed in pink on a road lined with parked cars on both sides. After striking her multiple times, he was also seen dragging her across the street by pulling her hair. The woman tried to resist and pleaded with him, but he did not listen and continued the assault. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: broad, daylight, man, dressed, white, T-shirt, seen, assaulting, woman, pink, road, lined, parked, cars, sides, striking, multiple, times, dragging, across, street, pulling, hair, tried, resist, pleaded, listen, continued, assault. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a broad daylight incident where a man, dressed in a white T-shirt, is seen assaulting a woman in pink on a road lined with parked cars on both sides. The suspect is striking her multiple times, dragging her across the street and pulling her hair. The victim tried to resist and pleaded with him to listen, but he continued the assault.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a shocking incident unfolded on a busy urban street lined with parked cars on both sides. A white man, casually dressed in a plain T-shirt, was captured on numerous surveillance cameras as he viciously assaulted a woman clad in a pink outfit. The attack occurred right in the middle of the street, causing pedestrians and drivers to stop and stare in disbelief. The man was seen striking the woman multiple times, attempting to drag her across the asphalt. The woman resisted, pleading for him to stop, but he continued his assault undeterred. Witnesses reported that he pulled her hair and seemed to ignore their calls to intervene or pleas to listen. This brutal scene unfolded amidst the hum of traffic and the chatter of passersby, underscoring the urgent need for community vigilance and action against such unacceptable behavior. Police are actively investigating this case and encourage anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "In broad daylight on a road lined with parked cars, a man dressed in a white T-shirt is seen assaulting a woman in pink. He is striking her multiple times, dragging her across the street, and pulling her hair. The victim tried to resist and pleaded with him to stop, but he continued the assault.",
        "gemini": "In broad daylight, a man dressed in a white T-shirt was seen assaulting a woman in pink on a road lined with parked cars on both sides. The suspect was captured striking her multiple times and dragging her across the street while pulling her hair. Despite her desperate efforts to resist and her pleaded cries for him to listen, the assailant continued his violent assault."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v10",
        "Duration": "00:00:09",
        "keywords": "two, women, dressed, black, white, night, suit, casually, walking, down, street, man, black, appeared, following, caught, off, guard, cornered, groped, fleeing, scene, other, tried, help",
        "Human": "Two women, one dressed in black and the other in a white night suit, were casually walking down the street. A man dressed in black, who appeared to be following them, caught them off guard, cornered them, and groped the woman in the white night suit before fleeing the scene. The other woman tried to help her. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: two, women, dressed, black, white, night, suit, casually, walking, down, street, man, black, appeared, following, caught, off, guard, cornered, groped, fleeing, scene, other, tried, help. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women, dressed in black and white, walking casually down a street at night. A man in black appeared, following them, and caught them off guard. He cornered and groped one of the women before fleeing the scene, while the other tried to help.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, two women, one dressed in black, the other in white, were casually walking down a quiet street under the cloak of night. Suddenly, a man, also clad in black, seemingly out of nowhere, appeared and began to follow them. The women, apparently caught off guard, continued their walk, unaware of the impending danger. As they turned a corner, the man closed in, cornering them. The footage shows him reaching out, groppping one of the women before swiftly fleeing the scene. The second woman was visibly shaken but managed to remain composed. Witnesses reported that another individual tried to help but was too late. Police are urgently investigating this incident and ask anyone with information to come forward. This serves as a grim reminder for everyone to stay vigilant, especially during late-night hours.",
        "deepseek": "Two women, dressed in a black suit and a white suit, are casually walking down a street at night. A man in black appeared, following them closely. He caught one woman off guard, cornered her against a wall, and groped her before fleeing the scene. The other woman tried to help her friend.",
        "gemini": "At night, two women dressed in a black-and-white suit were casually walking down a street when a man in black appeared to be following them. The victims were caught off guard when the suspect cornered and groped one of the women before fleeing the scene. Although the other woman tried to help, the perpetrator escaped into the darkness."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v11",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, saree, running, down, street, holding, mobile, phone, man, white, shirt, chasing, attempted, assault, trying, strangle, resisted, realized, overpower, abandoned, attack, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white saree was running down the street while holding a mobile phone, with a man in a white shirt chasing her. He attempted to assault her by trying to strangle her, but she resisted. When he realized he could not overpower her, he abandoned the attack and fled the scene. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, saree, running, down, street, holding, mobile, phone, man, white, shirt, chasing, attempted, assault, trying, strangle, resisted, realized, overpower, abandoned, attack, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a white saree, running down a street, holding a mobile phone. A man, in a white shirt, is chasing her and attempted to assault, trying to strangle her. She resisted, and the suspect realized he could not overpower her, abandoned the attack, and fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly clad in a pristine white saree, is seen running frantically down a busy city street. Hot on her heels is a man dressed in a crisp white shirt, relentlessly pursuing her while attempting to assault. The woman, clutching her mobile phone, appears to be resisting as she darts between vehicles, her eyes pleading for help. The pursuer, ignoring the chaos, attempts to strangle her. Bystanders, realizing the danger, intervene, overpowering the man who abruptly abandons his attack. The woman, visibly shaken but safe, flees the scene, leaving behind a tense and somber atmosphere. Police have been notified and are investigating this violent attempt of assault. If you have any information regarding this incident or recognize either party involved, please contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Surveillance footage shows two women, one in a black suit and one in a white suit, walking down a residential street at night. A man dressed entirely in black is seen following them closely. He suddenly accelerates, catches the woman in the white suit off guard, and corners her against a building wall. He then gropes her before immediately fleeing on foot. The second woman rushes to her friend's aid as the assailant disappears into the darkness.",
        "gemini": "A woman wearing a white saree was seen running down a street while holding her mobile phone when a man in a white shirt began chasing her. The suspect attempted an assault, trying to strangle the victim, but she bravely resisted the attack. Once the perpetrator realized he could not overpower her, he abandoned the attack and fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v12",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, walking, along, street, two, men, white, arrived, scooter, got, off, sexually, harassed, attempting, forcibly, kiss, dragged, toward, tried, make, sit, resisted, pushed, road, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was walking along the street when two men dressed in white arrived on a scooter. One of the men got off the scooter and sexually harassed her, attempting to forcibly kiss her. He dragged her toward the scooter and tried to make her sit on it, but the woman resisted. In the end, the assailants pushed her onto the road and fled the scene. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, walking, along, street, two, men, white, arrived, scooter, got, off, sexually, harassed, attempting, forcibly, kiss, dragged, toward, tried, make, sit, resisted, pushed, road, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In CCTV footage, a woman, dressed, black, walking, along, street is seen when two, men, white, arrived, scooter, then got, off. They sexually, harassed, attempting, forcibly, kiss, and dragged, toward the scooter, tried, make, sit; she resisted, pushed, road, and fled, scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded on Main Street yesterday evening. A woman, clad in black, was walking alone when two white men on a scooter pulled up beside her. They dismounted, one man attempting to forcibly kiss the woman while the other tried to make her sit on the scooter. The victim resisted vigorously, pushing them away before being dragged towards the vehicle. Amidst her cries for help, the men continued their advances, but she managed to break free and fled from the scene. The men, undeterred, pursued her briefly before abandoning their attempt and speeding off into the distance. Witnesses are urged to contact local authorities with any relevant information. This incident serves as a stark reminder to stay vigilant and support efforts to end sexual harassment.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, is walking along a street. Two men on a white scooter arrived, got off, and sexually harassed her. One attempted to forcibly kiss her. They dragged her toward their vehicle and tried to make her sit on it. The victim resisted and was pushed onto the road before the men fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "A woman dressed in black was walking along a street when two men in white arrived on a scooter. The suspects got off the vehicle and sexually harassed her, attempting to forcibly kiss her. During the struggle, she was dragged toward them as they tried to make her sit on the bike, but she resisted. After she was pushed to the road, the perpetrators fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v13",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "female, passengers, traveling, bus, male, conductor, dressed, khaki, uniform, molested, woman, wearing, black, top, asleep, crowded, incident, secretly, recorded, another, passenger",
        "Human": "Women passengers were traveling on a bus when a male conductor, dressed in a khaki uniform, molested a woman wearing a black top while she was asleep. The bus was crowded, and the incident was secretly recorded by another passenger. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: female, passengers, traveling, bus, male, conductor, dressed, khaki, uniform, molested, woman, wearing, black, top, asleep, crowded, incident, secretly, recorded, another, passenger. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows female passengers traveling on a bus when a male conductor, dressed in a khaki uniform, molested a woman, wearing a black top, who was asleep in the crowded vehicle. The incident was secretly recorded by another passenger.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on a bus camera during a regular commute. The victim, a female passenger dressed in a black top, was found asleep amidst a crowded bus. A fellow male passenger, clad in a khaki uniform typical of public transport conductors, allegedly molested her while the bus was in motion.\n \n The incident, which occurred during peak hours, was reportedly secretly recorded by another passenger. The video footage reveals the accused reaching out to the sleeping woman, who remains unaware of the intrusion. Law enforcement agencies have been notified and are investigating the case further.\n \n The incident serves as a stark reminder of the need for vigilance and safety during travel, particularly at night or during busy hours when buses tend to be more crowded. Anyone with information regarding this incident is urged to come forward, ensuring that justice is served and such incidents are prevented in the future.",
        "deepseek": "On a crowded bus, a male conductor dressed in khaki uniform is seen molesting a woman passenger wearing a black top as she slept. The incident was secretly recorded by another passenger on their phone.",
        "gemini": "On a crowded bus, female passengers were traveling when a male conductor, dressed in a khaki uniform, molested a woman wearing a black top while she was asleep. The incident was secretly recorded by another passenger on the vehicle"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v14",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "little, girl, dressed, red, kurti, woman, black, burqa, walking, street, daylight, man, green, tshirt, black, bike, approached, kissed, fled, scene, spun, around, thrust, hand, toward, shouted, disgustedly",
        "Human": "a little girl dressed in red kurti and a woman dressed in black burqa walking on a street in daylight. While they are walking a man dressed in green tshirt with black bike approached the woman, kissed her, and fled the scene. She spun around, thrust her hand toward him, and shouted disgustedly. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: little, girl, dressed, red, kurti, woman, black, burqa, walking, street, daylight, man, green, tshirt, black, bike, approached, kissed, fled, scene, spun, around, thrust, hand, toward, shouted, disgustedly. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a little girl, dressed in a red kurti, and a woman in a black burqa, walking a street in broad daylight. A man in a green t-shirt on a black bike approached, kissed the girl, and immediately fled the scene. The girl spun around and thrust her hand toward him, shouting disgustedly.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling incident unfolded on a bustling city street. A little girl, adorably dressed in a red kurti, was walking with her mother, who was covered in a black burqa. Suddenly, a man on a green motorbike pulled up alongside them. He dismounted, revealing a black T-shirt, and, without warning, he approached the child, planting an unwelcome kiss on her cheek before swiftly fleeing the scene. The mother, clearly distraught, spun around, shouting in disgust as the man sped off into the distance. Witnesses described his actions as shocking and inappropriate, underscoring the importance of vigilance in our communities. Authorities have been notified, and they urge anyone with information about this incident to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A little girl dressed in a red kurti and a woman in a black burqa are walking on a street in daylight. A man in a green t-shirt, on a black bike, approached them. He leaned over and kissed the child on the cheek, then fled the scene. The girl spun around and thrust her hand toward him, shouting disgustedly.",
        "gemini": "In broad daylight, a little girl dressed in a red kurti and a woman in a black burqa were walking down a street when a man on a black bike, wearing a green tshirt, approached them. The suspect suddenly kissed the child and fled the scene. The woman spun around, thrust her hand toward the assailant, and shouted disgustedly as he escaped."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v15",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, jacket, left, hand, chilling, nightclub, man, caught, harassing, tried, grab, chest, behind, resisted, action, shocked, audacity",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black with a jacket in her left hand is chilling in a nightclub. While a man dressed in black is caught harassing her. He tried to grab her chest from behind but the woman resisted the action. She is shocked by the audicity of man. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, jacket, left, hand, chilling, nightclub, man, caught, harassing, tried, grab, chest, behind, resisted, action, shocked, audacity. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a nightclub shows a woman, dressed in a jacket, with her left hand raised, in a chilling moment as a man is caught harassing her. He tried to grab her chest from behind, but she resisted. The action left onlookers shocked at the suspect’s audacity.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at a local nightclub, a distressing incident was captured on CCTV late last night. A woman, dressed in a jacket, was walking through the club when a man, not identified yet, approached her from behind. He attempted to grab her arm, but she quickly moved away, shockingly displaying a level of resistance that seemed to stun the harasser. The man then, with chilling audacity, reached out again, this time trying to grab her chest area. The woman resisted vigorously, causing a commotion that drew attention. Witnesses report the man's actions as unwarranted and inappropriate. The nightclub management is cooperating with authorities as they investigate this incident. We urge anyone with information regarding this individual or similar incidents to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a jacket was leaving a nightclub. A man caught up to her, harassing her, and tried to grab her chest from behind. She physically resisted his action. Bystanders were shocked by the audacity of the assault in a public venue.",
        "gemini": "In a chilling scene at a nightclub, a woman dressed in a jacket was standing with her drink in her left hand when a man was caught harassing her. The suspect tried to grab her chest from behind, but the victim immediately resisted the action. Witnesses were shocked by the audacity of the perpetrator, who attempted the assault in such a public setting."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v16",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, standing, doorstep, car, parked, front, house, man, black, hoodie, walking, down, street, noticing, suddenly, turned, back, followed",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in white was standing on her doorstep, with a car parked in front of the house. A man dressed in a black hoodie was walking down the street. After noticing the woman, he suddenly turned back and followed her to her doorstep. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, standing, doorstep, car, parked, front, house, man, black, hoodie, walking, down, street, noticing, suddenly, turned, back, followed. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in white, standing at a doorstep next to a car parked in front of a house. A man, wearing a black hoodie, is walking down the street. Noticing her, he suddenly turned back and followed.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a resident's security footage captured a troubling incident late last night. A woman, dressed in white, was seen standing on her doorstep as a black-hooded man, walking down the street, approached a parked car at the front of the house. The man noticed the woman and, without warning, he suddenly turned back, following the woman's direction. This incident occurred at approximately 9:47 PM, and the entire sequence was recorded on CCTV. Authorities urge vigilance and request anyone with information to come forward. The suspect is described as a man, wearing a black hoodie, while the victim is a local resident, easily identifiable due to her distinctive white attire. The investigation is ongoing, and residents are advised to remain cautious and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in white is standing on her doorstep in front of her house, with a car parked nearby. A man in a black hoodie is seen walking down the street. Upon noticing her, he suddenly turned back and began to follow her deliberately toward her door.",
        "gemini": "A woman dressed in white was standing on her doorstep with a car parked in front of her house when she noticed a suspicious individual. A man in a black hoodie was walking down the street, and upon noticing the victim, he suddenly turned back and followed her"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v17",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, burqa, walking, along, empty, road, bikes, parked, nearby, man, grey, ethnic, wear, approached, behind, motorcycle, sexually, harassed, touching, inappropriately, back, tried, object, confront, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a black burqa was walking along an empty road with a few bikes parked nearby when a man in grey ethnic wear approached her from behind on a motorcycle. He sexually harassed her by touching her inappropriately on her back. The woman tried to object and confront him, but the man fled the scene. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, burqa, walking, along, empty, road, bikes, parked, nearby, man, grey, ethnic, wear, approached, behind, motorcycle, sexually, harassed, touching, inappropriately, back, tried, object, confront, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed, black, burqa, walking, along, empty, road, with bikes, parked, nearby, when a man, grey, ethnic, wear, approached, behind, motorcycle. He sexually, harassed, touching, inappropriately, back; she tried, object, confront, and the suspect fled, scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, clad in a black burqa, is seen walking alone along an empty road where bikes are parked nearby. As she moves, an ethnic man wearing a grey outfit approaches from behind on a motorcycle. The man, who appeared to be in his late twenties, sexually harassed the woman, inappropriately touching her back. The victim seemed to object, but the man persisted before eventually fleeing the scene. This incident occurred during the afternoon hours, highlighting that such incidents can happen at any time. Authorities urge anyone with information about this case to come forward. Remain vigilant, stay safe.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a black burqa, is walking along an empty road with bikes parked nearby. A man in grey ethnic wear approached her from behind on a motorcycle. He sexually harassed her, touching her inappropriately on the back. She tried to object and confront him, but he fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene on an empty road with several bikes parked nearby, a woman dressed in a black burqa was walking along when she was targeted. A man in grey ethnic wear approached her from behind on a motorcycle and sexually harassed her by touching her inappropriately on her back. The victim immediately tried to object and confront the assailant, but the perpetrator fled the scene before he could be apprehended."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v18",
        "Duration": "00:00:24",
        "keywords": "two, women, dressed, black, wearing, red, cap, seen, climbing, upstairs, assaulting, person, behind, door, repeatedly, kicked, pushed, individual, attack, closed, leaving, inside, left, scene",
        "Human": "Two women—one dressed in black and wearing a red cap, and the other also dressed in black—were seen climbing upstairs and assaulting a person behind a door. They repeatedly kicked and pushed the individual during the attack. Afterward, they closed the door, leaving the assaulted person inside, and then left the scene. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: two, women, dressed, black, wearing, red, cap, seen, climbing, upstairs, assaulting, person, behind, door, repeatedly, kicked, pushed, individual, attack, closed, leaving, inside, left, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women, dressed in black and wearing a red cap, seen climbing upstairs and assaulting a person behind a door. They repeatedly kicked and pushed the individual before the attack closed, leaving the victim inside as the suspects left the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident unfolded, captured on camera in broad daylight. Two women, both dressed in black and donning red caps, were seen climbing the stairs of a building. They entered an apartment, where they were witnessed assaulting a person behind a closed door. The assault consisted of repeated kicks and violent pushing. The victim, an unidentified individual, was subject to this attack for several minutes. Witnesses reported hearing loud noises coming from within the apartment. After the assault, the two women exited the premises, leaving the distressed individual inside. The police have since been notified, and the investigation is ongoing. This shocking incident underscores the importance of community vigilance and immediate reporting of suspicious activities.",
        "deepseek": "Two women, one dressed in black and the other wearing a red cap, are seen climbing a set of stairs. They begin assaulting a person behind a door, repeatedly kicking and pushing the individual. After the sustained attack, they closed the door, leaving the victim trapped inside, and left the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, two women dressed in black, with one wearing a red cap, were seen climbing upstairs when they began assaulting a person from behind a door. The suspects repeatedly kicked and pushed the individual. Following the attack, they closed the door, leaving the victim inside while they left the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v19",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, burqa, walking, down, street, carrying, handbag, covered, car, parked, nearby, man, motorcycle, approached, sexually, harassed, making, unwanted, physical, contact, attempted, grab, hand, escaped, scene",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black burqa was walking down the street carrying a handbag, with a covered car parked nearby. A man on a motorcycle approached her and sexually harassed her by making unwanted physical contact. The woman attempted to grab his hand, but the man escaped the scene. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, burqa, walking, down, street, carrying, handbag, covered, car, parked, nearby, man, motorcycle, approached, sexually, harassed, making, unwanted, physical, contact, attempted, grab, hand, escaped, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a black burqa, walking down a street, carrying a handbag with a covered car parked nearby. A man on a motorcycle approached and sexually harassed her, making unwanted physical contact and attempted to grab her hand. The victim escaped the scene unharmed.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a black burqa was walking down the street, carrying a handbag, when a man on a motorcycle pulled up near her, parking momentarily. As she continued her walk, the man approached from behind, attempting to make unwanted sexual advances. He reached out, attempting to grab her, but she quickly reacted, escaping his grasp. The disturbing incident occurred on [specific street name], where the woman was seen walking alone. Witnesses reported the man made physical contact with the woman, although no direct evidence of this has been found in the available footage. Police urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the perpetrator to come forward immediately. Remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black burqa and carrying a handbag, is walking down a street. A covered car is parked nearby. A man on a motorcycle approached her, sexually harassed her by making unwanted physical contact, and attempted to grab her hand. She pulled away, and he escaped the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman wearing a black burqa was walking down a street carrying a handbag, passing a covered car parked nearby. A man on a motorcycle approached her and sexually harassed the victim, making unwanted physical contact. The suspect attempted to grab her hand before he escaped the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v20",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "people, seen, relaxing, cafeteria, woman, dressed, grey, top, followed, man, black, tshirt, suddenly, started, assaulting, pulling, hair, bending, downwards, slapped, multiple, times, onlookers, moved, away, saw, struggling, helplessly",
        "Human": "People were seen relaxing in a cafetria where a woman dressed in grey top is followed by man dressed in black tshirt. The man suddenly started assualting a woman by pulling her by the hair, bending her downwards, he slapped her multiple times.The onlookers moved away as they saw the woman struggling helplessly. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: people, seen, relaxing, cafeteria, woman, dressed, grey, top, followed, man, black, tshirt, suddenly, started, assaulting, pulling, hair, bending, downwards, slapped, multiple, times, onlookers, moved, away, saw, struggling, helplessly. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures people, seen, relaxing, cafeteria as a woman, dressed, grey, top, followed, man, black, tshirt when he suddenly, started, assaulting, pulling, hair, bending, downwards, and slapped, multiple, times. Onlookers, moved, away, as the camera saw, struggling, helplessly, before the attack ended abruptly.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on camera in a bustling cafeteria, patrons were seen relaxing over their meals when a disturbing incident unfolded. A woman, elegantly dressed in a grey top, was enjoying her meal, unaware of the looming danger. Suddenly, a man clad in a black t-shirt approached her table, his demeanor seemingly amicable. However, in a shocking twist, he began to assault her without warning. The man, ignoring the shocked onlookers, pulled her hair forcefully, bending her backwards in a violent display. He then slapped her multiple times, the sound echoing through the cafe. The woman struggled helplessly as the man continued his assault, onlookers momentarily frozen, before moving away in disbelief. The incident ended as abruptly as it had begun, with the man walking off calmly, leaving behind a stunned crowd. The cafeteria, once filled with laughter and chatter, was now silent, the memory of the assault etched into the minds of all who bore witness.",
        "deepseek": "People are seen relaxing in a cafeteria. A woman dressed in a grey top is followed by a man in a black t-shirt. He suddenly started assaulting her, pulling her hair, bending her downwards, and slapping her multiple times. Onlookers initially moved away, leaving the victim seen struggling helplessly",
        "gemini": "In a cafeteria where people were seen relaxing, the atmosphere turned violent when a woman dressed in a grey top was followed by a man in a black tshirt. The suspect suddenly started assaulting her, pulling her hair and bending her downwards while he slapped her multiple times. Onlookers moved away as they saw the victim struggling helplessly against the attack"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v21",
        "Duration": "00:00:09",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, red, top, white, shawl, carrying, handbag, walking, alone, night, deserted, street, two, cars, van, parked, man, black, followed, sneaking, behind, suddenly, started, assaulting, grabbing, neck, tries, strangle",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a red top with a white shawl, carrying a handbag, was walking alone at night on a deserted street where two cars and a van were parked, while a man dressed in black followed her, sneaking up behind her. Then the man suddenly started assualting her by grabbing the woman by her neck, and tries to strangle her. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, red, top, white, shawl, carrying, handbag, walking, alone, night, deserted, street, two, cars, van, parked, man, black, followed, sneaking, behind, suddenly, started, assaulting, grabbing, neck, tries, strangle. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in a red top and white shawl, carrying a handbag, walking alone at night on a deserted street, with two cars and a van parked nearby. A man in black followed, sneaking behind her, and suddenly started assaulting her, grabbing her neck and attempting to strangle her.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly dressed in a red top and white shawl, was seen walking alone down a deserted street under the cloak of night. Two vehicles, a car and a van, were parked suspiciously on either side of the street. As she approached, a man clad in black emerged from the shadows, following her at a distance. He sneaked behind her, trying to remain unnoticed. Suddenly, the scene took a violent turn as the man sprang into action, attempting to assault the woman. He grabbed her from behind, his intent clearly revealed as he started to strangulate her with a grip that tightened around her neck. The woman fought valiantly, her handbag dropping to the ground as she struggled against her attacker. This distressing incident unfolded before the silent, unhelpful witnesses of the night, leaving us all with a chilling reminder to stay vigilant, especially when we walk alone on deserted streets.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a red top with a white shawl and carrying a handbag, is walking alone at night on a deserted street with two cars and a van parked nearby. A man in black followed her, sneaking up from behind. He suddenly started assaulting her, grabbing her neck in an attempt to strangle her.",
        "gemini": "In a nighttime scene on a deserted street with two cars and a van parked nearby, a woman dressed in a red top and a white shawl was walking alone while carrying a handbag. A man in black followed her, sneaking up behind. He suddenly started assaulting her, grabbing her by the neck as he tries to strangle her."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v22",
        "Duration": "00:00:12",
        "keywords": "mother, dressed, pink, top, seen, standing, daughter, man, blue, shirt, carrying, knife, approached, began, threatening, side, road, attacked, resisted, assailant, ran, away, scene",
        "Human": "A mother dressed in a pink top was seen standing with her daughter when a man in a blue shirt, carrying a knife, approached and began threatening her on the side of the road. He attacked the woman, and when she resisted, the assailant ran away from the scene. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: mother, dressed, pink, top, seen, standing, daughter, man, blue, shirt, carrying, knife, approached, began, threatening, side, road, attacked, resisted, assailant, ran, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a mother, dressed in a pink top, seen standing with her daughter on the side of a road. A man in a blue shirt, carrying a knife, approached and began threatening them before attacking. The mother resisted, and the assailant ran away from the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent incident was captured on camera in a residential area. A mother, dressed in a pink top, was seen standing near her daughter, who wore a blue shirt. A man, also in a blue shirt, was observed approaching them with a knife. The mother, seemingly unprovoked, began to threaten her daughter from the side of the road. The ensuing altercation was intense as the mother attacked her daughter. Despite the assault, the daughter resisted, showing signs of courage. The assailant, identified as the man, continued his attack before abruptly running away from the scene. Authorities have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing. Anyone with information related to this incident is urged to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A mother, dressed in a pink top, is seen standing with her young daughter on the side of a road. A man in a blue shirt, carrying a knife, approached them. He began threatening the mother. When she resisted his advance, he attacked her with the knife before fleeing the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying encounter on the side of a road, a mother dressed in a pink top was seen standing with her daughter when they were targeted by a dangerous individual. A man in a blue shirt, carrying a knife, approached the pair and began threatening them. Despite the presence of a weapon, the woman bravely resisted the attack. Faced with her defiance, the assailant ran away and fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v23",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, salwar, chased, attacked, man, carrying, knife, seen, charging, broad, daylight, grabbing, incident, occurred, busy, road, many, bikes, parked, numerous, people, passing, intervened, help",
        "Human": "a woman dressed in black salwar was chased and attacked by a man carrying a knife.A man dressed in black was seen charging at a woman in broad daylight and grabbing her. The incident occurred on a busy road where many bikes were parked. Although numerous people were passing by, no one intervened to help the woman. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, salwar, chased, attacked, man, carrying, knife, seen, charging, broad, daylight, grabbing, incident, occurred, busy, road, many, bikes, parked, numerous, people, passing, intervened, help. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in a black salwar, chased and attacked by a man, carrying a knife, who is seen charging at her in broad daylight. The incident occurred on a busy road, with many bikes parked and numerous people passing by. Some bystanders intervened to help the victim.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a distressing incident unfolded on a bustling road, captured by multiple surveillance cameras. A woman, elegantly dressed in a black salwar suit, was chased and viciously attacked by a man, who was seen charging towards her while brandishing a large knife. The shocking scene took place during rush hour, with numerous bikes parked along the roadside and many people passing by. Despite the crowded environment, the attacker managed to corner his target, but several witnesses intervened, helping the woman escape further harm. Authorities are currently searching for the assailant, urging anyone with information to come forward. This violent act serves as a grim reminder that such incidents can occur anywhere, even in seemingly safe areas.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a black salwar, is seen being chased and attacked by a man carrying a knife. The suspect is seen charging at her in broad daylight. The incident occurred on a busy road with many bikes parked and numerous people passing by. Several bystanders intervened to help, allowing the victim to break free.",
        "gemini": "In broad daylight, a woman dressed in a black salwar was chased and attacked by a man carrying a knife. On a busy road with many bikes parked, the assailant was seen charging and grabbing the victim. As the incident occurred, numerous people passing by immediately intervened to help, preventing further harm"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v24",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, red, top, black, pant, walking, alone, street, man, cream, shirt, riding, bike, seen, coming, behind, approaches, move, close, molest, touching, back, inappropriately, shock, rider, gets, away, scene",
        "Human": "a woman dressed in red top and black pant is walking alone in street. A man dressed in cream shirt riding on a black bike was seen coming from behind. As she approaches the woman he move his bike close to her and molest her by touching her back inappropriately. The woman was in shock while the rider gets away from the scene. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, red, top, black, pant, walking, alone, street, man, cream, shirt, riding, bike, seen, coming, behind, approaches, move, close, molest, touching, back, inappropriately, shock, rider, gets, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed, red, top, black, pant, walking, alone, street when a man, cream, shirt, riding, bike, seen, coming, behind, approaches, move, close, and molest, touching, back, inappropriately. In visible shock, the rider, gets, away, scene, leaving the victim stunned as the camera continues to roll.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in a red top and black pants, was walking alone down a city street late at night. As she moved along, a man on a cream-colored bicycle approached from behind, gaining proximity as he rode. The man, wearing a casual shirt, was seen molesting the woman inappropriately before swiftly getting away. The victim, visibly shocked, attempted to escape the situation. Witnesses reported that the rider did not linger on the scene. This incident is currently under investigation by local authorities. We urge all residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a red top and black pants, is walking alone on a street. A man in a cream shirt, riding a bike, is seen coming from behind. He approaches her, moves dangerously close, and molests her by touching her back inappropriately. In shock, the victim turns as the rider gets away from the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in a red top and black pant was walking alone down a street. A man in a cream shirt was seen riding a bike coming from behind. As he approaches, he makes a sudden move close to molest her, touching her back inappropriately. The victim reacts in visible shock as the rider gets away from the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v25",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, carrying, baby, carrier, standing, near, caution, cone, store, person, pink, vest, grey, shorts, suddenly, attacked, child, punching, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black, carrying a baby in a carrier, was standing near a caution cone inside a store when a person dressed in a pink vest and grey shorts suddenly attacked the child, punching the baby before fleeing the scene. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, carrying, baby, carrier, standing, near, caution, cone, store, person, pink, vest, grey, shorts, suddenly, attacked, child, punching, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in black and carrying a baby in a carrier, standing near a caution cone outside a store. A person in a pink vest and grey shorts suddenly attacked the child, punching before fleeing the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a black dress, pink vest, and grey shorts was captured on camera attacking a mother near a store. The victim, visibly distressed, was seen carrying her infant in a baby carrier. A person wearing a pink vest and pink cones visible on their attire seemed to be a bystander, witnessing the assault.\n \n The incident unfolded abruptly when the assailant, without provocation, punched the child in the stroller. The force of the blow caused the stroller to rock violently. The shocked crowd watched as the attacker then quickly fled the scene, leaving behind a stunned and devastated mother.\n \n Authorities are currently seeking the assailant, described as a woman of unknown age, height, and build. They urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the suspect to contact local law enforcement immediately. This is a reminder for everyone to stay vigilant and maintain awareness of their surroundings at all times.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black and carrying a baby in a carrier, is standing near a caution cone outside a store. A person in a pink vest and grey shorts suddenly attacked her, punching her multiple times while the infant was in her arms. The assailant then fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene inside a store, a woman dressed in black was carrying a baby in a carrier and standing near a caution cone when she was targeted. A person wearing a pink vest and grey shorts suddenly attacked the child, punching them before they fled the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v26",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, red, shirt, brown, jacket, abusing, helpless, woman, black, lying, street, trying, resist, assailant, another, person, riding, bicycle, confronted, seized, opportunity, get, up",
        "Human": "A man dressed in a red shirt and brown jacket was abusing a helpless woman dressed in black. The woman was lying on the street, trying to resist the assailant. When another person riding a bicycle confronted the man in the red shirt, the woman seized the opportunity to get up. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, red, shirt, brown, jacket, abusing, helpless, woman, black, lying, street, trying, resist, assailant, another, person, riding, bicycle, confronted, seized, opportunity, get, up. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, dressed in a red shirt and brown jacket, abusing a helpless woman, black, lying on the street as she tried to resist the assailant. Another person, riding a bicycle, confronted him, giving the victim the chance to seize the opportunity to get up.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV footage, a man clad in a red shirt and brown jacket was seen abusing a helpless woman lying on a city street. The incident occurred around 3 PM yesterday afternoon. The aggressor, who seemed unprovoked, verbally assaulted the woman before physically attacking her.\n \n A bystander, identified as another man on a bicycle, tried to intervene, seizing the opportunity to help. However, the assailant resisted, attempting to resist the good Samaritan's efforts. Despite this, the second man managed to get up and dial emergency services. The police arrived shortly after and apprehended the man in the red shirt. The victim was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. The investigation is ongoing. We urge anyone with information related to this incident to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man, dressed in a red shirt and brown jacket, is seen abusing a helpless woman in black who is lying on the street, trying to resist the assault. Another person riding a bicycle confronted the assailant, causing a distraction. The victim seized the opportunity to get up and move to safety.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a man dressed in a red shirt and brown jacket was abusing a helpless woman in black while she was lying on the street. As the victim was trying to resist the assailant, another person riding a bicycle intervened and confronted the man. The woman seized the opportunity to get up and escape the immediate threat."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v27",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, hoodie, start, attacking, woman, black, top, brown, pants, gym, wrestled, ground, able, pin, successfully, fought, attacker",
        "Human": "man dressed in white hoodie start attacking the woman dressed in black top and brown pants in gym. He wrestled her to the ground where he is able to pin her down. The woman successfully fought off with the attacker in a gym. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, hoodie, start, attacking, woman, black, top, brown, pants, gym, wrestled, ground, able, pin, successfully, fought, attacker. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, dressed in a white hoodie, start attacking a woman in a black top and brown pants near a gym. The victim wrestled him to the ground and was able to pin him, successfully fought off the attacker.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at a local gym, a violent altercation was captured on CCTV cameras. A man, dressed in a white hoodie, is seen initiating the attack on a woman wearing a black top and brown pants. The incident began as the man started to physically assault her, wrestling her to the ground. Despite his initial advantage, the victim demonstrated remarkable resilience. After a fierce struggle, she managed to escape his grasp and successfully fought back, eventually pinning him down. Authorities are currently seeking the white-hoodied suspect, who is described as being approximately six feet tall with a muscular build. Witnesses report that he fled the scene immediately following the incident. This attack serves as a grim reminder to stay vigilant and alert during all activities, especially in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in a white hoodie started attacking a woman in a black top and brown pants outside a gym. He wrestled her to the ground and was able to pin her down. The victim successfully fought off her attacker, who then fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera at a gym, a man dressed in a white hoodie was seen to start attacking a woman wearing a black top and brown pants. The suspect wrestled the victim to the ground and was able to pin her down. Despite the intense assault, the woman successfully fought off her attacker"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v28",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, yellow, shirt, beating, person, dressed, black, middle, busy, road, many, auto-rickshaws, moving, different, directions.",
        "Human": "A man wearing a yellow shirt was beating a person dressed in black in the middle of a busy road, where many auto-rickshaws were moving in different directions. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, yellow, shirt, beating, person, dressed, black, middle, busy, road, many, auto-rickshaws, moving, different, directions.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, wearing a yellow shirt, beating a person, dressed in black, in the middle of a busy road. The assault occurs amid many auto-rickshaws moving in different directions, putting both the victim and surrounding traffic at risk.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a shocking incident unfolded on a bustling city road, capturing the attention of numerous passersby and auto-rickshaws traveling in various directions. A man, identifiable by his distinctive yellow shirt, was seen violently assaulting a person dressed in black. The attack occurred in the heart of the city, amidst the constant hum of traffic and the vibrant cacophony of daily life. Bystanders watched in horror as the man's fists connected repeatedly with the victim. The scene was further aggravated by the indifference of the passing vehicles, their drivers seemingly oblivious to the unfolding chaos. The incident came to a temporary halt only when a group of concerned citizens intervened, attempting to restrain the aggressor. Authorities were promptly notified, marking this as another instance of violence on the city streets, reminding us all of the urgent need for peace and unity.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a bright yellow shirt is seen beating another person dressed in black in the middle of a busy road. The assault occurred as many auto-rickshaws were moving in different directions around them, creating a chaotic and dangerous scene.",
        "gemini": "In a chaotic scene in the middle of a busy road, a man wearing a yellow shirt was caught on camera beating a person dressed in black. Despite many auto-rickshaws moving in different directions around them, the violent assault continued unchecked."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v29",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, driving, black, car, stopped, drive-through, make, purchase, saleswoman, returned, balance, cash, harassed, grabbing, hand, throwing, object, woman, immediately, reacted, pulling, back",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white T-shirt was driving a black car and stopped at a drive-through to make a purchase. When the saleswoman returned the balance cash, he harassed her by grabbing her hand and throwing an object at her. The woman immediately reacted by pulling her hand back. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, driving, black, car, stopped, drive-through, make, purchase, saleswoman, returned, balance, cash, harassed, grabbing, hand, throwing, object, woman, immediately, reacted, pulling, back. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, wearing a white T-shirt, driving a black car, stopped at a drive-through to make a purchase. When the saleswoman returned the balance in cash, he harassed her by grabbing her hand and throwing an object at her. The woman immediately reacted, pulling her hand back.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man, clad in a white T-shirt, was captured on camera while driving a black car, make unknown. The incident occurred at a local drive-through outlet where he made a purchase from a saleswoman. After returning to his vehicle, the man appeared agitated about his balance. He aggressively approached the saleswoman, harassing her, grabbing her hand, and throwing an object. The woman immediately reacted, pulling back. Witnesses confirm that the man continued to harass her, even reaching into the vehicle for an unknown reason before quickly driving off. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the suspect to come forward. The public is advised to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a white T-shirt, driving a black car, stopped at a drive-through to make a purchase. When the saleswoman returned his balance in cash, he harassed her, grabbing her hand and throwing an object at her. The woman immediately reacted by pulling her hand back and retreating.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man wearing a white T-shirt was seen driving a black car when he stopped at a drive-through to make a purchase. As the saleswoman returned with his balance cash, the suspect harassed her by grabbing her hand and throwing an object. The woman immediately reacted by pulling back from the vehicle"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v30",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, red, top, white, pants, public, place, many, people, around, man, dressed, blue, striped, shirt, punched, face, fell, ground, surrounding, left, shocked, incident.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a red top and white pants was at a public place with many people around when a man dressed in a white and blue striped shirt punched her in the face. She fell to the ground, and the surrounding people were left shocked by the incident. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, red, top, white, pants, public, place, many, people, around, man, dressed, blue, striped, shirt, punched, face, fell, ground, surrounding, left, shocked, incident.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a red top and white pants, in a public place with many people around. A man, dressed in a blue striped shirt, punched her in the face, causing her to fell to the ground. The surrounding crowd left shocked by the incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unexpected turn of events at a bustling public square, a distressing altercation was captured on camera. A woman, identifiable by her red top and white pants, was involved in a violent confrontation with a man dressed in a blue striped shirt. The incident occurred in broad daylight, with numerous witnesses present. The footage shows the man delivering a swift punch to the woman's face, causing her to stumble and fall onto the ground. The crowd around them instantly grew silent, their expressions a mix of shock and disbelief. As the woman lay motionless, the man seemed to pause, then walked away, leaving the shocked onlookers in his wake. Police have been notified, and efforts are underway to identify and apprehend the individual involved in this unsettling incident.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a red top and white pants, is in a public place with many people around. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt suddenly punched her in the face, causing her to fall to the ground. The surrounding crowd was left shocked by the incident.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera in a public place, a woman wearing a red top and white pants was targeted despite many people being around. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt suddenly punched the victim in the face, causing her to fell to the ground. Those surrounding the area were left shocked by the incident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v31",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, black, T-shirt, blue, jeans, cap, forced, woman, dressed, grey, top, shorts, ground, near, car, sexually, harassed, grabbing, back, tried, escape, fought, self-defense.",
        "Human": "A man wearing a black T-shirt, blue jeans, and a black cap forced a woman dressed in a grey top and blue shorts to the ground near a car and sexually harassed her by grabbing her back as she tried to escape. The woman fought back in self-defense. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, black, T-shirt, blue, jeans, cap, forced, woman, dressed, grey, top, shorts, ground, near, car, sexually, harassed, grabbing, back, tried, escape, fought, self-defense.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a Man, wearing, black, T-shirt, blue, jeans, cap, who forced, woman, dressed, grey, top, shorts, ground, near, car. The suspect sexually, harassed, grabbing, back as she tried, escape, fought, self-defense, and the struggle unfolded in full view of the camera before the scene cut.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on camera, a man, identifiable by his black T-shirt, blue jeans, and a cap, is seen forcibly harassing a woman. The victim, dressed in a grey top and shorts, was near a car when the assailant approached. He allegedly sexually harassed her and attempted to grab her from behind. Despite his attempts, the woman displayed courage and fought back in self-defense. Witnesses reported hearing screams and physical altercation. The man, who seemed determined to hold onto the woman, appeared to struggle as she managed to escape. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the prevalence of such crimes and the importance of immediate intervention and support for victims. Authorities are actively investigating this case.",
        "deepseek": "A man, wearing a black T-shirt, blue jeans, and a cap, forced a woman dressed in a grey top and shorts to the ground near a parked car. He sexually harassed her by grabbing her from behind. The victim tried to escape and fought back in self-defense.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera in a public place, a woman wearing a red top and white pants was targeted despite many people being around. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt suddenly punched the victim in the face, causing her to fell to the ground. Those surrounding the area were left shocked by the incident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v32",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white-and-red, striped, frock, sitting, roadside, black, backpack, man, dressed, white, T-shirt, approached, behind, began, kicking, abusing.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white-and-red striped frock was sitting by the roadside with a black backpack when a man dressed in a white T-shirt approached her from behind and began kicking and abusing her. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white-and-red, striped, frock, sitting, roadside, black, backpack, man, dressed, white, T-shirt, approached, behind, began, kicking, abusing.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a white-and-red, striped frock, sitting by the roadside with a black backpack. A man, dressed in a white T-shirt, approached her from behind and began kicking and abusing her.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera along a busy roadside. A woman, identifiable by her white-and-red striped frock, sat peacefully with a black backpack. A man, clad in a white T-shirt, approached from behind. Suddenly, he began to kick and abuse the woman, his actions shockingly out of place in broad daylight. The victim, visibly distressed, tried to shield herself with her backpack. Witnesses were left stunned as the assault continued, highlighting the need for vigilance and swift action against such unprovoked violence. Authorities urge anyone with information pertinent to this case to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white-and-red striped frock and sitting on the roadside with a black backpack, is approached from behind by a man dressed in a white T-shirt. Without provocation, he began kicking her and verbally abusing her.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera in a public place, a woman wearing a red top and white pants was targeted despite many people being around. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt suddenly punched the victim in the face, causing her to fell to the ground. Those surrounding the area were left shocked by the incident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v33",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, seen, arguing, woman, wearing, top, black, pants, argument, escalated, raised, hammer, struck, head, knocking, ground, despite, many, people, witnessing, incident, one, intervened.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white was seen arguing with a woman wearing a white top and black pants. The argument escalated when the man raised a hammer and struck her on the head, knocking her to the ground. Despite many people witnessing the incident, no one intervened. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, seen, arguing, woman, wearing, top, black, pants, argument, escalated, raised, hammer, struck, head, knocking, ground, despite, many, people, witnessing, incident, one, intervened.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, dressed in white, seen arguing with a woman, wearing a black top and pants. The argument escalated, and he raised a hammer, struck her head, knocking her to the ground. Despite many people witnessing the incident, only one intervened.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera in broad daylight. A man, dressed in white, was seen arguing with a woman, who wore a black top and pants. The heated argument, witnessed by numerous passersby, escalated swiftly when the man raised a hammer and struck the woman on the head. Despite the crowd, only one individual intervened, managing to separate them momentarily before the man knocked the woman to the ground. Police have been notified and are currently investigating this shocking incident. We urge anyone with information regarding this assault to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in white is seen arguing with a woman wearing a green top and black pants. The argument escalated, and the man raised a hammer, striking the woman in the head and knocking her to the ground. Despite many people witnessing the incident, only one bystander intervened.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man dressed in white was seen arguing with a woman wearing a black top and pants. The argument escalated until the man raised a hammer and struck her in the head, knocking her to the ground. Despite many people witnessing the incident, not one intervened."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v34",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, green, T-shirt, holding, woman, blue, saree, knifepoint, middle, road, carrying, bag, hand, vehicles, continued, pass, street",
        "Human": "A man wearing a green T-shirt was holding a woman in a blue saree at knifepoint in the middle of the road. The woman was carrying a bag in her hand as vehicles continued to pass by on the street. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, green, T-shirt, holding, woman, blue, saree, knifepoint, middle, road, carrying, bag, hand, vehicles, continued, pass, street. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, wearing a green T-shirt, holding a woman in a blue saree at knifepoint in the middle of a road. She is carrying a bag in her hand as vehicles continued to pass along the street.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man, identifiable by his green T-shirt, was captured on camera wielding a knife against a woman clad in a blue saree in the heart of the city. The incident occurred in broad daylight, right in the middle of the bustling road. The suspect, with a bag in hand, held the victim at knifepoint, causing a momentary standstill as passing vehicles continued along the street. The incident, though brief, was intensely distressing for onlookers, who were powerless to intervene as the scene unfolded before their eyes. Authorities have been notified and are currently investigating this violent encounter. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. Stay vigilant, stay safe.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a green T-shirt is seen holding a woman in a blue saree at knifepoint in the middle of a road. The victim was carrying a bag in her hand. Vehicles continued to pass on the street as the confrontation unfolded.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera in the middle of a road, a man wearing a green T-shirt was seen holding a woman in a blue saree at knifepoint. While the victim was carrying a bag in her hand, vehicles continued to pass on the street despite the life-threatening situation."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v35",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, woman, dressed, red, shirts, holding, hands, walking, along, roadside, suddenly, confronted, two, masked, men, black, riding, motorcycle, robbery, began, ran, away, leaving, behind, robbers, stole, bag, fleeing, scene",
        "Human": "A man and a woman, both dressed in red shirts, were holding hands and walking along the roadside when they were suddenly confronted by two masked men dressed in black riding a black motorcycle. As the robbery began, the man in red ran away, leaving the woman behind. The robbers then stole the woman’s bag before fleeing the scene. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, woman, dressed, red, shirts, holding, hands, walking, along, roadside, suddenly, confronted, two, masked, men, black, riding, motorcycle, robbery, began, ran, away, leaving, behind, robbers, stole, bag, fleeing, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man and woman, both dressed in red shirts, holding hands and walking along a roadside. They were suddenly confronted by two masked men in black, riding a motorcycle, who began a robbery. The robbers stole the bag and ran away, fleeing the scene and leaving the couple behind.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a broad-daylight robbery was captured on camera along a busy city roadside. A man and a woman, both dressed in red shirts, were casually walking side by side when, without warning, they were confronted by two masked men aboard a black motorcycle. The robbers dismounted their vehicle, quickly snatched the woman's handbag from her grip, and fled back onto the motorcycle. The shocked couple stood frozen for a moment before regaining their senses and running away from the scene, leaving their belongings behind. The audacious robbers sped off into the distance, their getaway bike emitting a deafening roar as they vanished around a corner. Witnesses described the criminals as wearing black clothing and covering their faces with bandannas. This incident serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant in crowded areas, especially during daytime hours.",
        "deepseek": "A man and a woman, both dressed in red shirts and holding hands, are walking along a roadside. They are suddenly confronted by two masked men in black riding a motorcycle. The robbery began when the couple ran away, leaving a bag behind. The robbers stole the bag before fleeing the scene on their motorcycle.4",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing roadside encounter, a man and a woman dressed in red shirts were walking along the roadside holding hands when they were suddenly confronted by two masked men in black riding a motorcycle. A robbery began, and the victims ran away, leaving behind the robbers, who stole a bag before fleeing the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v36",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Video, shot, daylight, crowded, street, man, dressed, red, shirt, navigates, crowd, sexually, harasses, minor, woman, cream, gown, brazenly.",
        "Human": "The video was shot in daylight in a crowded street where a man dressed in a red shirt navigates through the crowd and sexually harasses a minor woman dressed in a cream gown brazenly. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Video, shot, daylight, crowded, street, man, dressed, red, shirt, navigates, crowd, sexually, harasses, minor, woman, cream, gown, brazenly.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Video shot in daylight captures a disturbing moment on a crowded street. A man dressed in a red shirt is seen navigating the crowd before brazenly sexually harassing a minor woman wearing a cream gown. The incident unfolds in full public view, underscoring the boldness of the act and the urgency for swift police action. Authorities are examining the footage to identify the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling daylight incident, captured on video, a man, clad in a red shirt, was seen navigating through a bustling street crowd. His target: a young woman, elegantly dressed in a cream gown. The man, with blatant disregard for public decorum, brazenly sexually harassed the minor, despite the heavy footfall. This reprehensible act occurred in broad daylight, leaving onlookers stunned and outraged. Authorities urge anyone with information or footage of this incident to come forward, emphasizing the importance of bringing such offenders to justice.",
        "deepseek": "Video shot in daylight on a crowded street shows a man dressed in a red shirt navigating through the crowd. He is seen sexually harassing a minor woman in a cream-colored gown, touching her inappropriately in a brazen act before disappearing into the throng.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing video shot in broad daylight on a crowded street, a man dressed in a red shirt brazenly navigates the crowd to sexually harass a minor and a woman in a cream gown."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v37",
        "Duration": "00:01:16",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, green, working, night, shift, hotel, noticed, man, approaching, face, covered, black, scarf, sensing, intentions, suspicious, ran, inside, safety, seen, running, fled",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in green, working a night shift at a hotel, noticed a man approaching her with his face covered by a black scarf. Sensing that his intentions were suspicious, she ran inside the hotel for safety. The man was seen running after her as she fled. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, green, working, night, shift, hotel, noticed, man, approaching, face, covered, black, scarf, sensing, intentions, suspicious, ran, inside, safety, seen, running, fled. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in green, working the night shift at a hotel, when she noticed a man approaching her. His face was covered with a black scarf, and she, sensing his suspicious intentions, ran inside for safety. The man is seen briefly running after her before he fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In the early hours of last night, a distressing incident unfolded at the Grand Plaza Hotel. During the woman's late-night shift, she was working at the front desk when she noticed a man approaching, his face obscured by a black scarf. As she sensed his suspicious intentions, she quickly ran inside, alerting the security team. The man followed, his actions raising alarm. Witnesses report he was dressed in contrast, with a green coat that stood out against the hotel's dark exterior. In a swift turn of events, the woman was seen running towards the emergency exit, her screams echoing through the lobby. The man, sensing her escape, also fled. Authorities are currently reviewing footage and urge anyone with information to come forward. The hotel is cooperating fully, ensuring guest safety remains their top priority.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in green and working a night shift at a hotel, noticed a man approaching her. His face was covered with a black scarf. Sensing his suspicious intentions, she ran inside the hotel for safety. The suspect was seen running away and fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "Night shift surveillance footage from a local hotel captures a woman dressed in green performing her routine duties when the atmosphere suddenly shifts. A man is seen approaching the entrance, his face intentionally obscured by a black scarf. Sensing his intentions are suspicious, the woman reacts instantly, abandoning her post and running inside to seek safety. The predator, realizing his target has escaped, is seen running from the scene and fleeing into the darkness before authorities could arrive."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v38",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, caregiver, wearing, white, vest, seen, assaulting, strangling, elderly, lying, bed.",
        "Human": "A woman caregiver wearing a white vest was seen assaulting and strangling an elderly woman who was lying on a bed. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, caregiver, wearing, white, vest, seen, assaulting, strangling, elderly, lying, bed.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a woman, a caregiver, wearing a white vest, seen assaulting and strangling an elderly person who is lying in a bed. The shocking incident, caught on camera, shows the caregiver in the act of violence against the vulnerable individual.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a caregiver, identifiable by her white vest, was captured on camera assaulting an elderly individual in their home. The disturbing incident unfolded as the woman, who is supposed to provide care, was seen strangling the vulnerable elder while they lay on a bed. The victim, visibly frail and helpless, appeared to be unable to defend themselves during this shocking act of violence. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the assailant to come forward immediately. This case serves as a grim reminder of the importance of trust and compassion in caregiving roles, and the consequences that can arise from betrayal.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, identified as a caregiver and wearing a white vest, is seen assaulting an elderly person lying in bed. The attack involved the caregiver strangling the vulnerable victim.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman working as a caregiver and wearing a white vest was seen assaulting and strangling an elderly person lying in bed"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v39",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, top, walking, alone, deserted, street, man, dressed, black, T-shirt, approached, motorcycle, molested, touching, inappropriately, behind, fled, scene, bike",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white top was walking alone on a deserted street when a man dressed in a black T-shirt approached her on a black motorcycle. He molested her by touching her inappropriately from behind and then fled the scene on the bike. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, top, walking, alone, deserted, street, man, dressed, black, T-shirt, approached, motorcycle, molested, touching, inappropriately, behind, fled, scene, bike. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a Woman, wearing, white, top, walking, alone, deserted, street when a man, dressed, black, T-shirt, approached, motorcycle. He molested, touching, inappropriately, behind, then fled, scene, bike, leaving the victim shocked as the camera captures the swift escape.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, captured on CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a pristine white top, was walking alone down a deserted city street late at night. Suddenly, a man, clad in a black T-shirt, approached her on a motorcycle. The man, who had initially kept his distance, inexplicably stopped, dismounted from his bike, and inappropriately touched the woman from behind. The victim seemed shocked and distressed before he quickly fled the scene as the offender jumped back onto his bike and sped away. Police are reviewing the footage and ask anyone with information to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder to stay vigilant, especially when walking alone in dimly lit areas.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white top, is walking alone on a deserted street. A man dressed in a black T-shirt approached her on a motorcycle, molested her by touching her inappropriately from behind, and then fled the scene on his bike.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a white top was walking alone on a deserted street when a man dressed in a black T-shirt approached her on a motorcycle. The suspect molested the victim by touching her inappropriately from behind before he fled the scene on his bike."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v40",
        "Duration": "00:00:39",
        "keywords": "Women, walking, along, deserted, street, holding, each, other’s, hands, talking, mobile, phone, two, men, riding, motorcycle, approached, causing, stop, shock, few, moments, bike, moved, away, began, opposite, direction, same, returned, one, riders, got, harassed, touching, inappropriately",
        "Human": "Two women were walking along a deserted street, holding each other’s hands and talking on a mobile phone. Two men riding a motorcycle approached them, causing the women to stop in shock for a few moments before the bike moved away. The women then began walking in the opposite direction, but the same motorcycle returned. One of the riders got off the bike and harassed the women by touching them inappropriately. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Women, walking, along, deserted, street, holding, each, other’s, hands, talking, mobile, phone, two, men, riding, motorcycle, approached, causing, stop, shock, few, moments, bike, moved, away, began, opposite, direction, same, returned, one, riders, got, harassed, touching, inappropriately. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women, walking along a deserted street, holding each other's hands and talking on their mobile phones. Two men, riding a motorcycle, approached, causing the women to stop in shock for a few moments. The bike moved away but returned moments later. One of the riders then got off and harassed one of the women, touching her inappropriately before both men fled the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on camera, two women were walking along a deserted street, holding each other's hands, engrossed in conversation while using their mobile phones. Suddenly, two men on a motorcycle approached them, causing the women to stop abruptly, showing signs of shock. The motorcycle moved away momentarily before returning from the opposite direction. One of the riders dismounted, approaching the women. He harassed them inappropriately, making physical contact despite the women's visible discomfort. Few moments later, the bike moved away, leaving the women visibly shaken. This incident occurred during the afternoon hours, providing little respite from the day's events. Authorities urge vigilance, especially during late-night hours or in secluded areas, as they continue their investigation into this distressing incident.",
        "deepseek": "Two women are walking along a deserted street, holding each other’s hands while one talks on a mobile phone. Two men riding a motorcycle approached them, causing the women to stop in shock. After a few moments, the bike moved away, began circling back from the opposite direction, and returned. One of the riders got off, harassed the women, and touched them inappropriately before fleeing.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, two women were walking along a deserted street holding each other’s hands and talking on a mobile phone when they were suddenly targeted. Two men riding a motorcycle approached, causing them to stop in shock. After a few moments, the bike moved away and began heading in the opposite direction, but then it returned. One of the riders got off and harassed the victims, touching them inappropriately"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v41",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, black, shirt, standing, bicycle, middle, street, rode, toward, two, women, left, side, road, touched, inappropriately, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A man wearing a black shirt was standing on his bicycle in the middle of the street. He rode toward two women standing on the left side of the road, touched them inappropriately, and then fled the scene on his bicycle. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, black, shirt, standing, bicycle, middle, street, rode, toward, two, women, left, side, road, touched, inappropriately, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, wearing a black shirt, standing with his bicycle in the middle of the street. He rode toward two women walking on the left side of the road and touched one of them inappropriately. The man quickly fled the scene, leaving the victims shaken.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man clad in a black shirt was captured on camera committing an inappropriate act in broad daylight. The incident unfolded on a bustling middle street, where the man was seen riding his bicycle towards two women who were walking on the left side of the road. As he approached, he dismounted and, without warning, reached out to touch one of the women inappropriately. The women reacted with shock, quickly distancing themselves from him. The perpetrator, seemingly undeterred, then mounted his bicycle and fled the scene without further incident. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward, as they continue their investigation into this disturbing case of harassment.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a black shirt is standing with a bicycle in the middle of a street. He then rode directly toward two women on the left side of the road. As he passed, he touched one of them inappropriately and fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a man wearing a black shirt was seen standing with his bicycle in the middle of a street. He rode toward two women on the left side of the road, where he touched one of them inappropriately and immediately fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v42",
        "Duration": "00:00:23",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, red, frock, walking, along, road, front, open, street, café, several, people, seated, man, dressed, black, carrying, bag, shoulder, opposite, direction, passed, looked, back, suddenly, turned, around, approached, began, arguing, assaulted, slapping",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a red frock was walking along the road in front of an open street café where several people were seated. A man dressed in black, carrying a bag over his shoulder, was walking in the opposite direction. As he passed her, the woman looked back at him. The man suddenly turned around, approached her, began arguing, and then assaulted her by slapping her. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, red, frock, walking, along, road, front, open, street, café, several, people, seated, man, dressed, black, carrying, bag, shoulder, opposite, direction, passed, looked, back, suddenly, turned, around, approached, began, arguing, assaulted, slapping. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a red frock, walking along the road in front of an open street café, where several people are seated. A man, dressed in black and carrying a bag over his shoulder, is seen walking in the opposite direction. As he passed her, he looked back, suddenly turned around, and approached her. What follows is a brief argument that quickly escalates into assault, with the man slapping the woman before walking away.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events captured on CCTV, a woman, identifiable by her vibrant red frock, was walking along the open street, in front of a bustling café. Several patrons could be seen seated inside, oblivious to the unfolding drama. A man, clad in black, with a large bag slung over his shoulder, was observed opposite, walking in the same direction. As they passed each other, the woman appeared to glance back, only to suddenly turn around. Approaching the man, they began to argue, their voices escalating amidst the ambient noise. The situation quickly deteriorated, with the man assaulting the woman, delivering a hard slap across her face. Bystanders remained frozen, their meals forgotten, as the violent scene played out before them. Police have been notified and are actively investigating this incident. We urge anyone with information regarding this matter to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a red frock is walking along a road in front of an open-street café where several people are seated. A man dressed in black, carrying a bag over his shoulder, passed her walking in the opposite direction. He looked back, suddenly turned around, approached her, and began arguing. He then assaulted her by slapping her multiple times.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a red frock was walking along a road in front of an open street café where several people were seated. A man dressed in black, carrying a bag on his shoulder, was walking in the opposite direction. After he passed, he looked back, suddenly turned around, approached the woman, and began arguing with her. The confrontation escalated until he assaulted her, slapping her in public view."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v43",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "Man, seen, parking, vehicle, street, woman, wearing, red, top, blue, jeans, walked, nearby, distance, another, T-shirt, ran, parked, scooters, cars, molested, grabbing, arm, resisting",
        "Human": "A man was seen parking his vehicle on the street while a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans walked nearby. From a distance, another man dressed in a red T-shirt ran toward the woman near the parked scooters and cars. He molested her by grabbing her arm, and the woman began resisting him. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, seen, parking, vehicle, street, woman, wearing, red, top, blue, jeans, walked, nearby, distance, another, T-shirt, ran, parked, scooters, cars, molested, grabbing, arm, resisting. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a red frock, walking along the road in front of an open street café, where several people are seated. A man, dressed in black and carrying a bag over his shoulder, is seen walking in the opposite direction. As he passed her, he looked back, suddenly turned around, and approached her. What follows is a brief argument that quickly escalates into assault, with the man slapping the woman before walking away.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man, clad in a casual T-shirt and pants, was captured on camera while committing a heinous act. The incident unfolded on a busy urban street as the perpetrator parked his vehicle, then approached a woman walking nearby. Dressed in a red top and blue jeans, she seemed unaware of the danger lurking close by. The man, without warning, began to follow her at a distance, his actions growing more aggressive. As the victim continued walking, the offender, in cold calculation, ran up to her and proceeded to molest her, grabbing her arm in a violent manner. The woman resisted, causing a minor commotion that attracted the attention of nearby passersby, including those on scooters and in cars. Police have released this footage as part of their ongoing investigation, urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A man is seen parking his vehicle on a street. A woman wearing a red top and blue jeans walks nearby at a distance. Another man in a dark T-shirt ran from between parked scooters and cars, molested the woman by grabbing her arm, and fled as she resisted.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man was seen parking his vehicle on a street when a woman wearing a red top and blue jeans walked nearby. From a distance, another person in a T-shirt ran from between parked scooters and cars and molested her by grabbing her arm. The victim was seen resisting the attacker before the segment ended."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v44",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Women, wearing, white, uniforms, carrying, school, bags, walking, along, deserted, street, man, dressed, printed, black, T-shirt, riding, motorcycle, opposite, direction, passed, group, molested, one, grabbing, chest, shocked, immediately, turned, back, fled, scene.",
        "Human": "A group of women wearing white uniforms and carrying school bags were walking along a deserted street. A man dressed in a printed black T-shirt was riding a motorcycle in the opposite direction. As he passed the group, he molested one of the women by grabbing her chest. The women were shocked and immediately turned back toward him, but he fled the scene. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Women, wearing, white, uniforms, carrying, school, bags, walking, along, deserted, street, man, dressed, printed, black, T-shirt, riding, motorcycle, opposite, direction, passed, group, molested, one, grabbing, chest, shocked, immediately, turned, back, fled, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Women wearing white uniforms and carrying school bags are seen walking along a deserted street when a man dressed in a printed black T-shirt rides past them on a motorcycle from the opposite direction. As he passes the group, he suddenly molests one of the women, grabbing her chest. The victim is left shocked and frozen as the man immediately turns his bike around and flees the scene. The disturbing assault unfolds in seconds and is clearly captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on surveillance cameras, a group of women, clad in white uniforms and carrying school bags, were walking along a deserted street after school hours. A man, dressed in a printed black T-shirt, was observed riding a motorcycle in the opposite direction. As he approached, he passed the group, then abruptly reversed course, seemingly targeting one of the women. The man reached out, grabbing the woman's chest area in a shocking display of aggression. The victim, visibly startled, immediately turned her back and the assailant, without delay, swiftly fled the scene. Authorities are urgently investigating this incident, encouraging anyone with information to come forward. This is a reminder for everyone to stay vigilant and ensure personal safety, especially during transit.",
        "deepseek": "Two women wearing white school uniforms and carrying bags are walking along a deserted street. A man dressed in a printed black T-shirt, riding a motorcycle from the opposite direction, passed the group and molested one girl by grabbing her chest. The shocked victims immediately turned back as the assailant fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing surveillance footage captures a group of women wearing white uniforms and carrying school bags as they walk along a deserted street. A man dressed in a printed black T-shirt is seen riding a motorcycle in the opposite direction. As he passes the group, he strikes, molesting one of the women by grabbing her chest. The victims are left visibly shocked as the assailant immediately turns his bike around and flees the scene at high speed."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v45",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Video, shows, masked, man, loitering, hotel, dining, area, woman, seen, walking, hallway, individual, peeks, around, corner, follows, catches, grabs, pushes",
        "Human": "The video shows a masked man loitering in a hotel dining area. A woman is seen walking down a hallway when the masked individual peeks around a corner and follows her. He then catches up to her, grabs her, and pushes her into a corner. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Video, shows, masked, man, loitering, hotel, dining, area, woman, seen, walking, hallway, individual, peeks, around, corner, follows, catches, grabs, pushes. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Video footage shows a masked man loitering near a hotel dining area. A woman is seen walking down a hallway when the individual peeks around a corner, follows her, and catches up. He grabs her and pushes her, leading to a disturbing assault.",
        "Mistral": "In an unnerving turn of events, a video captures a troubling incident at a local hotel. The footage reveals a masked man loitering in the dining area, his presence causing discomfort among guests. A woman, walking down the hotel hallway, is seen being followed by this individual who peeks around corners before continuing his pursuit. As she reaches the end of the corridor, the man catches up, grabs her arm, and pushes her against the wall. The woman manages to break free and alerts security. Police are urgently investigating this incident, emphasizing the importance of vigilance and immediate reporting of any such incidents for public safety.",
        "deepseek": "Video shows a masked man loitering in a hotel dining area. A woman is seen walking down a hallway. The individual peeks around a corner, follows her, catches up, and then grabs and pushes her against a wall.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on video, a masked man was seen loitering near a hotel dining area. A woman was then seen walking down a hallway. The individual peeks around the corner, follows her, and catches up to her. He then grabs and pushes the victim before the segment ends."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v46",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Video, captured, daylight, shows, motorcycle, speeding, along, road, male, rider, groped, woman, prompting, jump, moving, bike, attempt, escape",
        "Human": "The video, captured in daylight, shows a motorcycle speeding along the road. During the ride, the male rider groped the woman, prompting her to jump off the moving bike in an attempt to escape. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Video, captured, daylight, shows, motorcycle, speeding, along, road, male, rider, groped, woman, prompting, jump, moving, bike, attempt, escape. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Video captured in daylight shows a motorcycle speeding along a busy road. The male rider is seen groping a woman, prompting her to jump from the moving bike in an attempt to escape the assault. The incident highlights a shocking act of harassment in public.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling turn of events, a daylight incident was captured on video, revealing a harrowing scene. The footage shows a motorcycle speeding along a busy road, with a male rider seemingly oblivious to the pedestrians around him. As he approaches a woman walking alongside the pavement, the rider reaches out, grabbing her unexpectedly. The woman reacts with shock, attempting to pull away as the bike continues its relentless advance. In an instant, the rider jumps off the moving bike, trying to escape, leaving the stunned woman behind. This incident is under investigation, and authorities urge anyone with information about this alarming event to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "Video captured in daylight shows a motorcycle speeding along a road. The male rider reached out and groped a woman walking on the roadside, prompting her to jump back from the moving bike in an attempt to escape.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident captured on video in broad daylight, a motorcycle was seen speeding along a road. The male rider groped a woman, prompting her to jump from the moving bike in a desperate attempt to escape her attacker."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v47",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, pink, jacket, man, white, T-shirt, assaulted, dressed, shirt, beat, belt, another, one, black, joined, attack, people, nearby, attempted, stop, assailants",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a pink jacket and a man in a white T-shirt were assaulted by a man dressed in a white shirt, who beat them with a belt. Another man in a white shirt and one more in a black jacket joined the attack, while other people nearby attempted to stop the assailants. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, pink, jacket, man, white, T-shirt, assaulted, dressed, shirt, beat, belt, another, one, black, joined, attack, people, nearby, attempted, stop, assailants. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a woman, wearing a pink jacket, being assaulted by a man in a white T-shirt. He is seen dressed in a shirt and beating her with a belt. Another man, dressed in black, joins the attack. Despite people nearby attempting to stop the assailants, they continue the assault.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A woman, clad in a distinctive pink jacket, found herself the victim of an unprovoked assault. Accompanying her, a man in a white T-shirt appeared seemingly oblivious to the impending danger. The assailant, dressed in a black shirt, approached them, brandishing a leather belt. In a shocking display of violence, he proceeded to beat the woman, while the man in white tried, but failed, to intervene or halt the attack. As the assault continued, people nearby watched in horror, unsure whether to interfere. Eventually, another individual, also dressed in black, joined the fray, attempting to stop the assailants. This chaotic scene unfolded on the street corner, leaving witnesses shaken and the victims traumatized. Authorities are currently investigating this violent altercation.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a pink jacket is assaulted by a man in a white T-shirt. A second man, dressed in a black shirt, joined the attack, using a belt to beat the victim. People nearby attempted to stop the assailants, who then fled",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a pink jacket was targeted by multiple assailants. A man in a white T-shirt first assaulted her, while another man dressed in a white shirt beat her with a belt. Another individual in black joined the attack as people nearby attempted to stop the assailants"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v48",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Women, returning, home, stopped, men, riding, motorcycle, one, molested, screamed, snatched, mobile, phone, fled, scene",
        "Human": "Two women returning home were stopped by men riding a motorcycle. One of the men molested one of the women, and when she screamed, they snatched her mobile phone and fled the scene. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Women, returning, home, stopped, men, riding, motorcycle, one, molested, screamed, snatched, mobile, phone, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Women returning home are seen stopped by two men riding a motorcycle. One of the men suddenly molests a woman, causing her to scream. In the same instant, he snatches her mobile phone and the pair quickly flee the scene on their motorcycle. The entire horrifying incident is captured on camera, leaving the victim and witnesses in shock.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident was captured on camera, highlighting the vulnerability of women in their own homes. A group of women, returning from an evening out, were approached by a lone man on a motorcycle. The women, unaware of the impending danger, continued walking towards their residence. Suddenly, the man dismounted his bike, halted the women, and proceeded to molest one of them. The victim screamed, her cries echoing through the quiet night. In a shocking twist, the perpetrator snatched a mobile phone from another woman before fleeing the scene. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and unity in ensuring the safety of all citizens, particularly women, as they navigate their daily lives. Authorities are urgently investigating this heinous crime, and anyone with information is encouraged to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "Two women were returning home when they were stopped by two men riding a motorcycle. One of the men molested a victim, who screamed. The assailants then snatched her mobile phone and fled the scene on their bike.",
        "gemini": "Surveillance footage captures a harrowing encounter as two women returning home are intercepted by men riding a motorcycle. The confrontation turns violent when one of the suspects molests one of the women, prompting her to scream for help. In the ensuing chaos, the assailants forcibly snatched a mobile phone from the victims before speeding off. The footage shows the suspects fleeing the scene, leaving the shaken women behind in the deserted street."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v49",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, top, white, shawl, riding, scooter, man, shirt, approached, behind, motorcycle, touched, inappropriately, sped, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black top and a white shawl was riding her scooter when a man in a white shirt approached her from behind on a motorcycle, touched her inappropriately, and then sped away. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, top, white, shawl, riding, scooter, man, shirt, approached, behind, motorcycle, touched, inappropriately, sped, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a black top and white shawl, riding a scooter when a man in a shirt approaches her from behind on a motorcycle. The man touches her inappropriately before quickly speeding away from the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in a black top and white shawl, was captured on camera while riding a scooter in the city. A man, dressed in a shirt, reportedly approached her from behind on a motorcycle. As he drew near, the footage shows him inappropriately touching the woman before swiftly accelerating and driving away. The incident occurred in broad daylight, leaving witnesses shocked and distressed. Authorities urge anyone with information about this case to come forward, as they continue their investigation into this disturbing act of harassment. The public is reminded to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black top and white shawl, is riding a scooter. A man on a motorcycle, wearing a striped shirt, approached her from behind. The passenger on the motorcycle reached out and touched her inappropriately before the bike sped away.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on video, a woman wearing a black top and white shawl was riding her scooter when a man in a shirt approached her from behind on a motorcycle. The suspect touched the victim inappropriately and immediately sped away from the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v50",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Women, wearing, white, uniforms, allegedly, harassed, broad, daylight, three, men, riding, bicycles, lost, balance, fell, incident, one, dressed, red, attempted, grab, managed, escape, paddy, field, began, running, harassers, later, seen, away, opposite, direction",
        "Human": "Two women wearing white uniforms were allegedly harassed in broad daylight by three men while riding bicycles. The women lost their balance and fell during the incident. One of the men, dressed in red, attempted to grab one of the women. One woman managed to escape into a paddy field, while the other fell and then began running. The harassers were later seen running away in the opposite direction. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Women, wearing, white, uniforms, allegedly, harassed, broad, daylight, three, men, riding, bicycles, lost, balance, fell, incident, one, dressed, red, attempted, grab, managed, escape, paddy, field, began, running, harassers, later, seen, away, opposite, direction. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a disturbing incident in broad daylight, where women, wearing white uniforms, are allegedly harassed by three men riding bicycles. One of the women loses her balance and falls during the attack. The man dressed in red attempts to grab her, but she manages to escape, running toward a nearby paddy field. The harassers are later seen fleeing in the opposite direction, as the woman runs for safety.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, three men on bicycles, pedaling casually under bright daylight, allegedly harassed three women in white uniforms in a rural paddy field. The incident occurred during broad daylight, as the women were going about their daily work. One of the assailants, dressed in red, attempted to grab one of the victims but was unsuccessful as she managed to escape. The women, visibly distressed, began running, prompting the cyclists to pursue them. The harasser in red was later seen disappearing in the opposite direction. The other two men, still on their bicycles, seemed to have lost balance after the women's escape, but they too eventually rode off. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the unfortunate reality where such incidents continue to occur, even in broad daylight.",
        "deepseek": "Two women wearing white uniforms were allegedly harassed in broad daylight by three men riding bicycles. During the incident, one woman lost her balance and fell. One harasser, dressed in red, attempted to grab her. She managed to escape into a nearby paddy field and began running. The harassers were later seen cycling away in the opposite direction.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera in broad daylight, a group of women wearing white uniforms was allegedly harassed by three men riding bicycles. The encounter caused the victims to lose their balance and fell. During the incident, one man dressed in red attempted to grab one of the women, but they managed to escape into a paddy field and began running. The harassers were later seen moving away in the opposite direction."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v51",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Crowd, gathered, near, merry-go-round, man, dressed, white, shirt, sexually, harassing, minor, woman, orange, ethnic, wear, waiting, queue, seen, touching, inappropriately, behind.",
        "Human": "A crowd has gathered near a merry-go-round. In the crowd, a man dressed in a white shirt is sexually harassing a minor woman dressed in orange ethnic wear while they are waiting in a queue. He was seen touching the woman inappropriately from behind. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Crowd, gathered, near, merry-go-round, man, dressed, white, shirt, sexually, harassing, minor, woman, orange, ethnic, wear, waiting, queue, seen, touching, inappropriately, behind.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Camera footage captures a disturbing scene as a crowd gathered near a merry-go-round. A man dressed in a white shirt is seen sexually harassing a minor woman wearing orange ethnic wear while she waits in a queue. The man stands close behind her and is seen touching her inappropriately, using the crowd as cover. The incident unfolds in public view as bystanders remain nearby. Police are examining the footage to trace and arrest the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a disturbing incident at a local amusement park. A crowd, gathered near the merry-go-round, witnesses a man, dressed in a white shirt, allegedly sexually harassing a minor, an ethnic minority girl, waiting in line. The man, whose identity remains unconfirmed, is seen touching the girl inappropriately from behind while wearing an orange outfit. Bystanders in the queue seem oblivious to the incident as it unfolds. Authorities are now seeking leads on the suspect and urge anyone with information regarding this case to come forward. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the importance of vigilance and immediate action against such heinous acts in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "A crowd gathered near a merry-go-round at a local fairground became the backdrop for a disturbing criminal act captured on CCTV. Amidst the noise, a man dressed in a white shirt was observed targeting a minor girl. A woman in orange ethnic wear, waiting in the queue nearby, remained unaware as the suspect was seen touching the child inappropriately from behind. The footage clearly shows the individual leveraging the dense foot traffic to mask his movements while sexually harassing the victim. Law enforcement has released the video stills to identify the assailant and is urging witnesses to come forward. This footage serves as a grim reminder of the need for public vigilance in crowded recreational spaces.",
        "gemini": "A crowd gathered near a merry-go-round at a busy local fair became the backdrop for a disturbing incident caught on surveillance footage. As families enjoyed the attractions, a man dressed in a white shirt was identified sexually harassing a minor and a woman in orange ethnic wear who were waiting in queue for the ride. The suspect is clearly seen touching them inappropriately from behind, attempting to use the density of the onlookers to mask his predatory behavior."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v52",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "minor, woman, wearing, white, dress, carrying, handbag, walking, deserted, road, man, dressed, pink, shirt, following, got, chance, started, molesting, pulled, seated, roadside",
        "Human": "A minor woman wearing white dress carrying a handbag is walking on the deserted road , a man dressed in pink shirt is following her and as soon as he got the chance, he started molesting the woman, he pulled the minor and seated on roadside. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: minor, woman, wearing, white, dress, carrying, handbag, walking, deserted, road, man, dressed, pink, shirt, following, got, chance, started, molesting, pulled, seated, roadside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A disturbing incident was caught on camera on a deserted road. A minor woman wearing a white dress and carrying a handbag is seen walking alone when a man dressed in a pink shirt follows her. After getting a chance, he starts molesting her, pulls her, and forces her to be seated at the roadside. The attack unfolds quickly and without witnesses. Police are examining the footage to trace and arrest the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a minor woman, elegantly dressed in a white dress and carrying a handbag, was seen walking alone down a deserted road. A man, clad in a pink shirt, followed her at a distance. As they approached a secluded area by the roadside, he seized the opportunity, approaching her. The footage shows him getting closer, reaching out, and pulling her towards an empty seat. Tragically, it appears he began molesting the young woman, causing concern for all who view this chilling recording. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A minor woman wearing a white dress and carrying a handbag was walking alone on a deserted road. A man dressed in a pink shirt began following her, and as she passed a secluded spot, he got his chance, started molesting her, and pulled her to be seated by the roadside against her will.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene captured by a nearby security camera, a woman wearing a black kurti and white leggings was walking behind a house when she was suddenly molested by a man dressed in dark clothing who had been lying in wait. The footage shows the victim immediately fought back against the assault, refusing to be intimidated even as the struggle intensified and she fell to the ground. The attacker continued his advance, but the survivor remained relentless in resisting, repeatedly striking him with her hands and feet until the assailant was forced to flee the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v53",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, kurti, white, leggings, molested, man, dressed, behind, house, fought, back, assault, fell, ground, continued, resisting, striking, hands, feet.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black kurti and white leggings was molested by a man dressed in black behind a house. She fought back during the assault, fell to the ground, and continued resisting by striking out with her hands and feet. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, kurti, white, leggings, molested, man, dressed, behind, house, fought, back, assault, fell, ground, continued, resisting, striking, hands, feet.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a black kurti and white leggings was molested by a man behind a house, captured on camera. She fought back as the assault continued, resisting fiercely and striking with hands and feet. Despite falling to the ground, she continued to struggle, displaying remarkable courage in the face of the attack.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a shocking incident was captured on camera in a residential neighborhood. A woman, clad in a black kurti and white leggings, was reportedly molested by an unidentified man, who was dressed casually from behind his house. The incident unfolded as the woman walked past the house, with the man emerging from behind, grabbing her inappropriately. In response, the victim fiercely fought back, striking the assailant with both hands and feet. The struggle continued, with both parties falling to the ground. Bystanders were quick to intervene, eventually restraining the man until authorities arrived. The woman, visibly shaken but resilient, was provided medical assistance at the scene. The incident is currently under investigation, with local authorities urging anyone with information regarding the identity of the perpetrator to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black kurti and white leggings, is molested by a man dressed in dark clothing behind a residential house. She fought back against the assault, causing both to fall to the ground. The victim continued resisting, striking the assailant repeatedly with her hands and feet until he broke away and fled.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene captured by a nearby security camera, a woman wearing a black kurti and white leggings was walking behind a house when she was suddenly molested by a man dressed in dark clothing who had been lurking in the shadows. The footage shows the victim immediately fought back against the assault, refusing to be intimidated even as the struggle intensified and she fell to the ground. The attacker continued his advance, but the survivor remained relentless in resisting, repeatedly striking him with her hands and feet until the assailant was forced to flee the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v54",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, assaulted, woman, dressed, pink, top, carrying, red, bag, inside, office, filled, computers, seen, slapping, kicking, eventually, knocking, ground.",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white T-shirt assaulted a woman dressed in a pink top and carrying a red bag inside an office filled with computers. He was seen slapping and kicking her, eventually knocking her to the ground. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, assaulted, woman, dressed, pink, top, carrying, red, bag, inside, office, filled, computers, seen, slapping, kicking, eventually, knocking, ground.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man wearing a white T-shirt assaulted a woman dressed in a pink top carrying a red bag inside an office filled with computers, as captured on camera. He was seen slapping and kicking her, eventually knocking her to the ground, in a brutal and unprovoked attack",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at a high-tech office, a man clad in a white T-shirt was captured on CCTV viciously assaulting a woman. The victim, dressed in a pink top and carrying a distinctive red bag, was seen being attacked near a cluster of computer workstations. The assailant is alleged to have slapped the woman, followed by repeated kicks before ultimately knocking her to the ground. The office, usually bustling with activity, fell silent as the violent episode unfolded. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the attacker to come forward immediately. The office remains closed pending investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A man, wearing a white T-shirt, assaulted a woman dressed in a pink top and carrying a red bag inside an office filled with computers. He is seen slapping and kicking her, eventually knocking her to the ground.",
        "gemini": "Shocking surveillance footage from a local business center has captured a violent encounter that unfolded in broad daylight. A man wearing a white T-shirt was recorded as he assaulted a woman dressed in a pink top who was carrying a red bag through the workspace. The incident occurred inside an office filled with computers, where the suspect is clearly seen slapping and kicking the victim with escalating force. The brutal attack eventually resulted in the suspect knocking the woman to the ground, leaving her incapacitated as he fled the room."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v55",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, holding, red, bag, standing, counter, woman, dressed, brown, speaking, another, suddenly, assaulted, pushed, backward, receptionist, pink, shirt, stood, nearby, witnessed, incident",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white T-shirt and holding a red bag was standing at a counter with a woman dressed in brown, speaking to another man. Suddenly, the man in the white T-shirt assaulted the woman and pushed her backward. A receptionist wearing a pink shirt stood nearby and witnessed the incident. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, white, T-shirt, holding, red, bag, standing, counter, woman, dressed, brown, speaking, another, suddenly, assaulted, pushed, backward, receptionist, pink, shirt, stood, nearby, witnessed, incident. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man, wearing a white T-shirt and holding a red bag, standing at a counter as a woman, dressed in a brown outfit, is speaking to another individual nearby. Without warning, the man suddenly assaults the woman, pushing her backward. A receptionist, wearing a pink shirt, is seen standing nearby, witnessing the disturbing incident but unable to intervene in time.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man clad in a white T-shirt was captured on camera at a local business. He was standing calmly at the counter, holding a distinct red bag, while a woman in a brown outfit engaged in conversation. Suddenly, the tranquility was shattered as the man, without warning, violently pushed the woman dressed in a pink shirt backward. The receptionist, who had been standing nearby, witnessed the assault and immediately called for help. The incident is currently under investigation by local authorities. If you have any information regarding this individual or the incident itself, please contact your local police department.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a white T-shirt and holding a red bag is standing at a counter. A woman dressed in brown is speaking to another person when the man suddenly assaulted her, pushing her violently backward. A receptionist in a pink shirt stood nearby and witnessed the entire incident.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing encounter caught on camera at a service counter, a man wearing a white T-shirt and holding a red bag was seen standing near a woman dressed in brown. As the woman was speaking to another individual, the man suddenly assaulted her, pushed her backward, and then fled. A receptionist in a pink shirt who stood nearby witnessed the entire incident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v56",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, blue, checked, shirt, woman, dressed, dark-colored, ethnic, wear, riding, black, motorcycle, crossing, flooded, road, group, men, surrounded, bike, splashed, water, passed, through, few, attempted, pull, back, one, T-shirt, sexually, harassed, groping, chest, moving, aside",
        "Human": "A man wearing a blue checked shirt and a woman dressed in dark-colored ethnic wear were riding a black motorcycle while crossing a flooded road. A group of men surrounded the bike and splashed water on them. As the motorcycle passed through, a few men attempted to pull it back. During this moment, one man dressed in a black T-shirt sexually harassed the woman by groping her chest before moving aside. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, blue, checked, shirt, woman, dressed, dark-colored, ethnic, wear, riding, black, motorcycle, crossing, flooded, road, group, men, surrounded, bike, splashed, water, passed, through, few, attempted, pull, back, one, T-shirt, sexually, harassed, groping, chest, moving, aside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A man wearing a blue checked shirt and a woman dressed in dark-colored ethnic wear were riding a black motorcycle, attempting to cross a flooded road, when a group of men surrounded the bike, splashing water as they passed through. A few attempted to pull the motorcycle back, and one man in a T-shirt sexually harassed the woman, groping her chest, before moving aside, leaving the victims distressed.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling incident captured on CCTV, a man clad in a blue, checked shirt is seen committing an act of sexual harassment. The incident unfolds on a heavily flooded road, where a woman, dressed in dark-colored ethnic attire, is crossing while riding a black motorcycle. As she passes through, a group of men, wearing T-shirts, surround her motorcycle. One of them, who seems to be riding a separate bike, splashes water as he passes by, attempting to unnerve the woman.\n \n In the shocking sequence, the group attempts to pull the woman back, but she moves aside, managing to avoid their advances. The suspect, identified by his casual attire, is then seen gropping the woman's chest before swiftly moving away from the scene. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the need for increased vigilance and safety, particularly for women, in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "A man in a blue checked shirt and a woman in dark-colored ethnic wear are riding a black motorcycle, crossing a flooded road. A group of men surrounded the bike as it passed through, splashing water. A few attempted to pull the woman back. One man in a white T-shirt sexually harassed her, groping her chest before moving aside as the bike managed to escape.",
        "gemini": "Disturbing dashcam footage has emerged showing a man wearing a blue checked shirt and a woman dressed in dark-colored ethnic wear as they were riding a black motorcycle while crossing a heavily flooded road. As they navigated the rising levels, a group of men surrounded the bike, aggressively splashed water as the couple passed through, and a few attempted to pull the vehicle back. In a brazen escalation of violence, one individual in a T-shirt sexually harassed the female passenger by groping her chest before finally moving aside."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v57",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, brown, top, pushing, stroller, along, empty, road, man, dressed, grey, T-shirt, followed, harassed, touching, inappropriately, pulled, away, response, ran, scene.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a brown top was pushing a stroller along an empty road when a man dressed in a grey T-shirt followed her and harassed her by touching her inappropriately. She pulled away in response, and the man then ran away from the scene. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, brown, top, pushing, stroller, along, empty, road, man, dressed, grey, T-shirt, followed, harassed, touching, inappropriately, pulled, away, response, ran, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a brown top and pushing a stroller along an empty road. A man, dressed in a grey T-shirt, is seen following her and harassing her by touching her inappropriately. The woman pulls away in response, visibly distressed, and quickly runs from the scene, escaping the assailant.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman wearing a brown top was seen pushing a stroller along an apparently empty road. A man in a grey T-shirt followed her, maintaining a close distance. The woman, visibly distressed, seemed to be attempting to ignore him as she walked. However, the man's behavior escalated when he inappropriately touched the stroller, causing the woman to react abruptly. She pulled away from him, her actions prompting the man to run off in the opposite direction. Witnesses reported that the man did not respond to the woman's attempts to deter him, adding to concerns about his behavior. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the individuals involved to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a brown top, is pushing a stroller along an empty road. A man dressed in a grey T-shirt followed her, harassed her, and touched her inappropriately. She pulled away in response, and the suspect ran from the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a brown top was pushing a stroller along an empty road. A man dressed in a grey T-shirt followed her and harassed her by touching her inappropriately. The victim pulled away in reponse, and the suspect ran from the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v58",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, jacket, brown, muffler, carrying, black, bag, assaulted, inside, ATM, kiosk, man, dressed, blue, striped, shirt, raised, small, object, strike, seen, strangling, tried, escape",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white jacket, a brown muffler, and carrying a black bag was assaulted inside an ATM kiosk by a man dressed in a white and blue striped shirt. The man raised a small object as if to strike her and was seen strangling her while the woman tried to escape. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, jacket, brown, muffler, carrying, black, bag, assaulted, inside, ATM, kiosk, man, dressed, blue, striped, shirt, raised, small, object, strike, seen, strangling, tried, escape. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman, wearing a white jacket, brown muffler, and carrying a black bag, being assaulted inside an ATM kiosk. A man, dressed in a blue striped shirt, is seen raising a small object and attempting to strike her. He then begins strangling the woman, who desperately tries to escape. The brutal attack occurred in a public setting, with the woman fighting for her life inside the ATM booth.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, identifiable by her white jacket, brown muffler, and carrying a black bag, was brutally assaulted at a local ATM kiosk yesterday evening. The suspect, a man clad in a blue striped shirt, viciously attacked the victim inside the booth. Witnesses reported seeing the man raise a small, unidentified object before striking the woman. Shockingly, he was observed attempting to strangle her during the attack. Despite her desperate attempts to escape, the assailant managed to maintain control for several moments. Authorities are urgently seeking information about this incident and the suspect's identity. Anyone with relevant details is encouraged to contact their local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white jacket and brown muffler and carrying a black bag, was assaulted inside an ATM kiosk. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt raised a small object to strike her and was then seen strangling her as she tried to escape.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident captured on camera, a woman wearing a white jacket, a brown muffler, and carrying a black bag was assaulted inside an ATM kiosk. A man dressed in a blue striped shirt was seen strangling the victim after he raised a small object to strike her. Despite the intense attack, the woman tried to escape"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v59",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "Amid, busy, street, multiple, motorcycles, car, motion, woman, wearing, pink, top, riding, bicycle, man, shirt, rode, motorcycle, alongside, motorcyclist, deliberately, close, bicyclist, pulled, hair, causing, lose, balance, response, another, blue, scooter, passenger, white, intervened, kicked, harassing.",
        "Human": "Amid a busy street with multiple motorcycles and a car in motion, a woman wearing a pink top was riding a bicycle while a man in a pink shirt rode a motorcycle alongside her. The motorcyclist deliberately rode very close to the bicyclist and pulled her by the hair, causing her to lose balance. In response, another man dressed in blue, riding a scooter with a woman passenger in white, intervened and kicked the man in the pink shirt for harassing her. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Amid, busy, street, multiple, motorcycles, car, motion, woman, wearing, pink, top, riding, bicycle, man, shirt, rode, motorcycle, alongside, motorcyclist, deliberately, close, bicyclist, pulled, hair, causing, lose, balance, response, another, blue, scooter, passenger, white, intervened, kicked, harassing.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a disturbing incident amid a busy street filled with multiple motorcycles and a car in motion. A woman, wearing a pink top, is seen riding her bicycle when a man in a shirt riding a motorcycle pulls alongside her. The motorcyclist deliberately rides close, then pulls her hair, causing her to lose balance. In response, a passenger on a blue scooter quickly intervenes, kicking the man off his bike, trying to stop the harassment. The scene escalates, leaving the woman visibly shaken.",
        "Mistral": "In an unexpected turn of events, amidst the bustling city street, a disturbing incident unfolded. A woman, dressed in a pink top, was peacefully riding her bicycle when a motorcyclist, clad in a shirt, intentionally rode his bike alongside her, coming dangerously close. The cyclist seemed to lose her balance as the motorcyclist's actions caused disruption.\n \n A man on a blue scooter, with a passenger, noticed the situation and intervened. However, the motorcyclist, in a fit of harassment, kicked the man's scooter, escalating the tension. Witnesses reported that the woman responded by pulling the motorcyclist's hair, attempting to defuse the situation. This chaotic scene on the busy street is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "Amid a busy street with multiple motorcycles and a car in motion, a woman in a pink top is riding a bicycle. A man in a yellow shirt rode a motorcycle alongside her. The motorcyclist deliberately got close, pulled her hair, and caused her to lose balance. In response, a passenger in white on a blue scooter intervened and kicked the harassing motorcyclist.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a pink top was riding her bicycle amid a busy street with multiple motorcycles and a car in motion. A man in a shirt rode his motorcycle alongside her. The motorcyclist moved deliberately close to the bicyclist and pulled her hair, causing her to lose her balance. In response, another individual on a blue scooter, a passenger in white, intervened and kicked the harassing individual"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v60",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, white, vest, molested, woman, dressed, grey, top, maroon, shorts, busy, street, groping, behind, reacted, immediately, pushing, hands, away, another, black, intervened, help, allowing, victim, escape, safely",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white vest molested a woman dressed in a grey top and maroon shorts on a busy street by groping her from behind. The woman reacted immediately, pushing his hands away. Another woman wearing a white top and black shorts intervened to help, allowing the victim to escape safely. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, white, vest, molested, woman, dressed, grey, top, maroon, shorts, busy, street, groping, behind, reacted, immediately, pushing, hands, away, another, black, intervened, help, allowing, victim, escape, safely. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a Man, wearing, white, vest who molested, woman, dressed, grey, top, maroon, shorts on a busy, street, groping, behind. She reacted, immediately, pushing, hands, away, as another, black, intervened, help, allowing, victim, escape, safely.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded on a bustling city street. A man, identifiable by his white vest, was captured on camera molesting a woman. The victim, dressed in a grey top and maroon shorts, was walking alone when the suspect approached from behind. The victim immediately reacted, pushing the man's hands away. A nearby passerby, a man dressed in black, intervened, providing much-needed assistance. He helped the victim escape, ensuring her safety while the offender fled the scene. This incident serves as a stark reminder to remain vigilant and supportive in public spaces. If you witness any form of harassment or assault, do not hesitate to step in and help.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a white vest molested a woman dressed in a grey top and maroon shorts on a busy street, groping her from behind. She reacted immediately, pushing his hands away. Another bystander in black intervened to help, allowing the victim to escape safely.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man wearing a white vest molested a woman dressed in a grey top and maroon shorts on a busy street. The suspect was seen groping her from behind, and the victim reacted immediately by pushing his hands away. Another individual dressed in black intervened to help, allowing the victim to escape safely."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v61",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, brown, jacket, queue, behind, man, black, front, hi-vis, shiny, cream, blazer, approached, molested, touch, inappropriately, response, turns, back, start, confronts.",
        "Human": "a woman dressed in brown jacket is in queue behind the man dressed in black jacket and in front of man dressed in hi-vis jacket on shiny black jacket and then a man dressed in cream blazer approached to woman and molested her, he touch the woman inappropriately, in response woman turns back and start and confronts the man. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, brown, jacket, queue, behind, man, black, front, hi-vis, shiny, cream, blazer, approached, molested, touch, inappropriately, response, turns, back, start, confronts.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman dressed in a brown jacket was standing in a queue behind a man wearing black, in front of an individual in a hi-vis shiny cream blazer, when he suddenly approached and molested her, touching inappropriately. In response, she quickly turned back and confronted the perpetrator, standing up to the assault.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a brown jacket, found herself in a distressing situation while waiting in line, or queue. Behind her, a man clad in a black front coat with a hi-vis vest was observed. The woman, wearing a cream blazer, was unaware of the impending danger until the man inappropriately touched her. Witnesses report a swift response as the woman turned, starting to confront the offender, who abruptly stepped back. The incident occurred at [location], prompting authorities to release this footage in hopes of identifying the perpetrator. If you recognize this individual or have any information regarding this incident, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a brown jacket is in a queue behind a man in black. A man in a hi-vis, shiny cream blazer approached her from behind and molested her with an inappropriate touch. In response, she turns her back and starts to confront him.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking breach of public safety captured on CCTV, a woman dressed in a brown jacket was standing in a queue behind a man in black and in front of an individual in a hi-vis vest when a suspect in a shiny cream blazer approached. The footage shows the man targeting the woman and heartlessly molested her as he reached out to touch her inappropriately. In an immediate performance, the victim turns back to start a heated interaction where she bravely confronts her attacker, drawing the attention of bystanders before the suspect attempted to blend back into the crowd."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v62",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, maroon, kurti, white, salwar, sexually, harassed, man, black, forcefully, held, hand, attempted, kiss, grab, chest, deserted, street, another, shirt, lying, ground, requesting, molester, stop, bothering, tries, rid.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in maroon kurti and white salwar, is sexually harassed by a man dressed in black forcefully held her hand and attempted to kiss and grab her chest on deserted street, another man dressed in white shirt is lying on ground was requesting to the molester to stop bothering the woman. The woman tries to get rid of the man. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, maroon, kurti, white, salwar, sexually, harassed, man, black, forcefully, held, hand, attempted, kiss, grab, chest, deserted, street, another, shirt, lying, ground, requesting, molester, stop, bothering, tries, rid.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman dressed in a maroon kurti and white salwar was sexually harassed on a deserted street by a man in black, who forcefully held her hand, attempted to kiss her, and tried to grab her chest. Another woman in a shirt, lying on the ground nearby, pleaded with the molester to stop and tried to intervene, attempting to rid the victim of the attacker’s assault.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly clad in a maroon kurti and white salwar, was subjected to sexual harassment on a deserted street. A man in a black shirt and pants, forcibly held her hand, attempting to kiss and grab at her chest. The victim, visibly distressed, repeatedly requested him to stop, but the persistent molester continued his advances. As he tried to rid himself of the other shirt-clad individual lying on the ground nearby, the situation escalated further. This occurred on a quiet suburban street, where passersby were conspicuously absent. Police have been notified and are actively seeking the assailant, urging anyone with information to come forward and help put an end to this dangerous behavior.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a maroon kurti and white salwar is sexually harassed by a man in black. He forcefully held her hand, attempted to kiss her, and tried to grab her chest on a deserted street. Another man in a checked shirt is seen lying on the ground nearby, requesting the molester to stop and not to bother him, as the victim tries to get rid of her assailant.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage has surfaced from a deserted street detailing a violent confrontation where a woman dressed in a maroon kurti and white salwar was sexually harassed by a man in black. The video shows the assailant forcefully held her hand and attempted to kiss her and grab her chest while she desperately tries to get rid of his grip. In the background, another man in a shirt is seen lying on the ground, injured or restrained, helplessly requesting the molester to stop bothering the victim as the assault continues."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v63",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, shirt, sexually, harassed, woman, wearing, brown, recording, video, selfie, busy, road, suddenly, kissed, leaving, momentarily, shocked, shortly, afterward, began, arguing, people, gathered, around, scene.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in a black shirt sexually harassed a woman wearing brown while they were recording a video selfie on a busy road. He suddenly kissed her, leaving her momentarily shocked. Shortly afterward, she began arguing with him, and people gathered around the scene. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, shirt, sexually, harassed, woman, wearing, brown, recording, video, selfie, busy, road, suddenly, kissed, leaving, momentarily, shocked, shortly, afterward, began, arguing, people, gathered, around, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a disturbing incident on a busy road, where a man, dressed in a black shirt, sexually harasses a woman wearing a brown outfit as she is recording a video or taking a selfie. The man suddenly kisses her, leaving her momentarily shocked. After a brief pause, the woman begins to argue with the man, drawing the attention of bystanders who gather around the scene. The video highlights the audacity of public harassment and the woman's quick reaction to confront the attacker.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on video, a man, clad in a black shirt, is seen sexually harassing a woman on a bustling city road. The victim, wearing a brown outfit, is recording a selfie when the assailant approaches, unexpectedly kissing her. Witnesses describe the moment as brief but shocking, with the woman visibly startled. Shortly after, a heated argument ensues between the two, drawing a crowd of passersby who gather around the scene. Authorities are urgently seeking the man involved for questioning. This incident serves as a stark reminder to remain vigilant and maintain personal safety at all times.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from a busy road reveals the moment a man dressed in a black shirt sexually harassed a woman wearing brown while she was recording a video selfie. The suspect suddenly kissed her without consent, leaving the victim momentarily shocked by the brazen daytime assault. Shortly afterward, the victim began arguing with the assailant as a crowd of people gathered around the scene, witnessing the confrontation before the perpetrator fled.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man dressed in a black shirt sexually harassed a woman wearing brown while she was recording a video selfie on a busy road. The suspect suddenly kissed the victim, leaving her momentarily shocked. Shortly afterward, an argument began, and people gathered around the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v64",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, orange, saree, talking, cellphone, man, dressed, maroon, shirt, blue, jeans, approached, behind, sexually, harassed, forcefully, kissing, taken, surprise, react, fled, scene.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black and orange saree was talking on her cellphone when a man dressed in a maroon shirt and blue jeans approached her from behind and sexually harassed her by forcefully kissing her. She was taken by surprise, and before she could react, the man fled the scene. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, orange, saree, talking, cellphone, man, dressed, maroon, shirt, blue, jeans, approached, behind, sexually, harassed, forcefully, kissing, taken, surprise, react, fled, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "A woman wearing a black and orange saree was talking on her cellphone when a man dressed in a maroon shirt and blue jeans approached from behind and sexually harassed her, forcefully attempting to kiss her. The victim was taken by surprise, struggled to react, and the assailant fled the scene immediately.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a striking black and orange sari was recorded on camera in broad daylight. The victim, visibly engaged with her cellphone, was unaware of the impending danger. A man, smartly dressed in a maroon shirt and blue jeans, stealthily approached from behind. In a shocking display of disregard for personal boundaries, he forcefully kissed the woman without warning. The victim's surprise was palpable as she recoiled, clearly taken aback by the unexpected assault. The perpetrator, seemingly unfazed, fled the scene immediately after. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the prevalent issue of sexual harassment, urging vigilance and empathy in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing surveillance footage captures the moment a woman wearing a black and orange saree was talking on her cellphone when a man dressed in a maroon shirt and blue jeans approached from behind. In a brazen act of assault, the suspect sexually harassed the victim by forcefully kissing her, leaving her completely taken by surprise and unable to react before he fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a brazen daytime assault captured on CCTV, a woman wearing a black and orange saree was standing on a sidewalk talking on her cellphone when she was targeted. A man dressed in a maroon shirt and blue jeans approached her from behind, where he sexually harassed her by forcefully kissing her. Taken by complete surprise, the victim had only a moment to react before the perpetrator fled the scene on foot, disappearing into a nearby alleyway."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v65",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Person, casually, using, phone, sitting, scooter, roadside, another, individual, dressed, white, suit, suddenly, jumped, out, moving, black, e-rickshaw, stop, knocked, down, process.",
        "Human": "A person was casually using his phone while sitting on a scooter by the roadside when another individual, dressed in a white suit, suddenly jumped out of a moving white-and-black e-rickshaw. The e-rickshaw did not stop, and the person who jumped out was knocked down in the process. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Person, casually, using, phone, sitting, scooter, roadside, another, individual, dressed, white, suit, suddenly, jumped, out, moving, black, e-rickshaw, stop, knocked, down, process.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a person casually using a phone, sitting on a scooter roadside, unaware of imminent danger. In a shocking moment, another individual dressed in a white suit suddenly jumped out of a moving black e-rickshaw, forcing it to stop as the victim was knocked down in the process. The impact sent the scooter skidding while bystanders froze, capturing the chaos on camera. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify those involved.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage captures a distressing incident on a bustling city road. A person, casually engrossed in their phone, sits idly by the roadside on a scooter. Another individual, sharply dressed in a white suit, is seen calmly approaching from behind on a moving black e-rickshaw. Suddenly, the suited individual jumps off the vehicle, abruptly halting its progress. The e-rickshaw swerves, striking the stationary scooter rider who is sent sprawling to the ground. The process unfolds in a matter of seconds, leaving a disrupted scene in its wake. Authorities are now investigating this incident for any potential traffic violations or assault charges.",
        "deepseek": "In a startling lapse of public safety caught on tape, a person is seen casually using their phone while sitting on a scooter by the roadside. The calm is shattered when another individual, dressed in a white suit, suddenly jumped out of a moving black e-rickshaw before it could even come to a stop. The force of the leap knocked the victim down in the process, initiating a chaotic and violent encounter that was recorded in full view of the street.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a person was casually using a phone while sitting on a scooter by the roadside. Another individual dressed in a white suit suddenly jumped out from a moving black e-rickshaw, causing it to stop and be knocked down in the process"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v66",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, jogging, suit, walking, toward, door, near, parking, area, listening, music, through, earphones, man, dressed, white, followed, behind, noticed, someone, turned, look, proceeded, unlock, sexually, harassed, touching, immediately, opened, went, inside.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black jogging suit was walking toward a door near a parking area while listening to music through her earphones. A man dressed in white followed her from behind. She noticed someone behind her and turned to look, then proceeded to the door to unlock it. As she was unlocking the door, the man sexually harassed her by touching her from behind. The woman immediately opened the door and went inside. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, jogging, suit, walking, toward, door, near, parking, area, listening, music, through, earphones, man, dressed, white, followed, behind, noticed, someone, turned, look, proceeded, unlock, sexually, harassed, touching, immediately, opened, went, inside.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a parking area shows a woman wearing a black jogging suit walking toward a door, listening to music through earphones. Moments later, a man dressed in white followed behind. The woman noticed someone, turned to look, then proceeded to unlock the door. As she did, the man sexually harassed her by touching. Reacting instantly, the woman opened the door and went inside, escaping further harm. Police are examining the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, distinctly dressed in a black jogging suit, is seen walking towards a door near a parking area, with music playing through her earphones. A man, clad in white attire, follows behind, seemingly unnoticed by the woman. As she unlocks the door and goes inside, the man, who had been observed earlier, approaches from the rear and is seen touching her inappropriately. The immediate aftermath shows the woman visibly startled, reacting swiftly, and calling for help. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. The suspect, described as a man in his mid-30s, was last seen leaving the area in a white sedan.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black jogging suit, is walking toward her door near a parking area, listening to music through earphones. A man dressed in white followed closely behind her. She noticed someone, turned to look, and proceeded to unlock her door. The man then sexually harassed her by touching her. She immediately opened the door and went inside.",
        "gemini": "A woman wearing a black jogging suit was walking toward a door near a parking area while listening to music through earphones. A man dressed in white followed from behind, and although she noticed someone and turned to look, she proceeded to unlock the door. The suspect sexually harassed her by touching her, but she immediately opened the door and went inside."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v67",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, walking, street, man, grey, approached, behind, close, lifted, skirt, causing, lose, balance, fall, ground, attempted, flee, scene.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was walking along the street when a man in grey approached her from behind. As he got close, he lifted her skirt, causing her to lose balance and fall to the ground. He then attempted to flee the scene. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, walking, street, man, grey, approached, behind, close, lifted, skirt, causing, lose, balance, fall, ground, attempted, flee, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a public street captures a woman dressed in black walking alone when a man in grey approached from behind. In a sudden act, he came close and lifted her skirt, causing her to lose balance and fall to the ground. The attacker attempted to flee the scene as the victim struggled to get up, visibly shaken. Police are analyzing the footage to trace and arrest the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in black, was walking down the street when a man in grey approached from behind, close enough to cause her unease. As he came nearer, he suddenly reached out, lifting the hem of her skirt, causing her to lose her balance momentarily. She fell to the ground, attempting to flee as the man tried to regain his grip. The woman managed to break free and quickly stood up, visibly shaken but unharmed. Witnesses described the scene as chaotic, with the man making a hasty exit soon after. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident or similar occurrences to come forward immediately. Remain vigilant, fellow citizens; stay safe on our streets.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, is walking on a street. A man in grey approached her from behind, got close, and lifted her skirt with force. The sudden act caused her to lose her balance and fall to the ground. The suspect then attempted to flee the scene.",
        "gemini": "A woman, dressed in black, was walking down a street when a man in grey approached from behind. He moved close and lifted her skirt, causing her to lose her balance and fall to the ground. The suspect then attempted to flee the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v68",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Woman, reporter, wearing, grey, jacket, reporting, camera, crowd, cheered, behind, group, men, approached, sexually, harassed, one, dressed, light, blue, another, black, placed, hands, shoulders, briefly, withdrew, hand, went, further, kissed, attempted, kiss, again, tried, resist, move, away, eventually, attempting, switch, off",
        "Human": "A woman reporter wearing a grey jacket was reporting on camera while a crowd cheered behind her. A group of men then approached and sexually harassed her. One man dressed in light blue and another in black placed their hands on her shoulders. The man in light blue briefly withdrew his hand, but then went further and kissed the reporter. He attempted to kiss her again as she tried to resist and move away, eventually attempting to switch off the camera. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, reporter, wearing, grey, jacket, reporting, camera, crowd, cheered, behind, group, men, approached, sexually, harassed, one, dressed, light, blue, another, black, placed, hands, shoulders, briefly, withdrew, hand, went, further, kissed, attempted, kiss, again, tried, resist, move, away, eventually, attempting, switch, off. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Footage shows a woman reporter wearing a grey jacket, reporting to camera as a crowd cheered behind. Moments later, a group of men approached. One dressed in light blue and another in black sexually harassed her—placing hands on her shoulders, briefly withdrawing, then going further, kissing and attempting to kiss again. The reporter tried to resist and move away, visibly shaken, before eventually attempting to switch off the broadcast. Authorities are reviewing the video to identify those involved.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local news report went awry as a female reporter, clad in a grey jacket, was reportedly sexually harassed while on-camera. The incident occurred during a live broadcast amidst a boisterous crowd who were initially seen cheering behind her. Two men from the group approached, one in a light blue suit and another in black attire. One of them placed his hands on her shoulders, briefly before withdrawing his hand. He then went further, attempting to kiss her. The reporter resisted, moving away from him. Despite this, he persisted, trying to switch off the camera. Eventually, after several attempts, he was unsuccessful and the camera continued to record the unfolding incident. This is a stark reminder of the challenges women face in their professional lives, and serves as a call for increased vigilance and support against such behavior.",
        "deepseek": "A woman reporter, wearing a grey jacket, is reporting on camera with a crowd cheering behind her. A group of men approached and sexually harassed her. One man in light blue and another in black placed their hands on her shoulders. One briefly withdrew but went further, kissing her. He attempted to kiss her again as she tried to resist and move away. The reporter eventually ended the broadcast, attempting to switch off the camera",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman reporter wearing a grey jacket was reporting to the camera while a crowd cheered behind her. A group of men approached and sexually harassed her; one man dressed in light blue and another in black placed their hands on her shoulders. One man briefly withdrew his hand but then went further and kissed her. As he attempted to kiss her again, the reporter tried to resist and move away, eventually attempting to switch off the equipment."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v69",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, orange, reporting, crowded, street, man, wearing, blue, outfit, approached, right, sexually, harassed, kissing, cheek, leaving, scene.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in orange was reporting from a crowded street when a man wearing a blue outfit approached her from the right and sexually harassed her by kissing her on the cheek before leaving the scene. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, orange, reporting, crowded, street, man, wearing, blue, outfit, approached, right, sexually, harassed, kissing, cheek, leaving, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a woman dressed in orange reporting on a crowded street when a man wearing a blue outfit approached from the right. In a sudden act, he sexually harassed her by kissing her cheek, then left the scene amid the crowd. The incident, caught on camera, has prompted authorities to review footage and identify the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly dressed in an orange ensemble, was reportedly harassed on a bustling city street. The incident occurred during a busy afternoon, with pedestrians crowding the area. A man, clad in a blue outfit, approached her from the right side, invading her personal space. He attempted to sexually harass her, planting an unwanted kiss on her cheek before swiftly departing the scene. Witnesses were left stunned as they continued their daily routines, highlighting the shockingly casual nature of this violation. Authorities are urgently investigating this incident, emphasizing that such behavior will not be tolerated. Citizens are encouraged to remain vigilant and report any similar occurrences immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman reporter, dressed in orange, is delivering a live report on a crowded street. A man wearing a blue outfit approached from her right, sexually harassed her by forcibly kissing her on the cheek, and then fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman reporter dressed in orange was reporting from a crowded street when a man wearing a blue outfit approached her from the right. The suspect sexually harassed the victim by kissing her on the cheek before leaving the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v70",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Two, women, walking, narrow, street, alone, black, bike, approach, passenger, wearing, helmet, get, off, carrying, gun, harassed, one, front, white, car, parked",
        "Human": "two women were walking the narrow street alone, a black bike approach them, passenger wearing helmet get off from bike and approach them,while he was carrying a gun he harassed one of the women in front of white car which was parked there. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Two, women, walking, narrow, street, alone, black, bike, approach, passenger, wearing, helmet, get, off, carrying, gun, harassed, one, front, white, car, parked. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women walking alone on a narrow street when a black bike approached. The passenger wearing a helmet got off, carrying a gun, and harassed one of the women near a white car parked in front. The confrontation unfolded within seconds, leaving the victims shaken as the suspects moved away. Police are examining the footage to trace the bike and identify those involved.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video clip captured two women walking along a narrow street, alone, late at night. A black bicycle approaches from behind, its passenger, clad in a helmet, dismounts abruptly. Simultaneously, a white car parked on the front curb exits the scene, adding to the sense of unease.\n \n As the women continue their walk, the bicyclist, now on foot, brandishes a gun and begins to harass one of them. The incident unfolds swiftly, causing both women to visibly tremble with fear. Witnesses are urged to come forward with any information that may aid in identifying the culprit. Authorities are investigating this incident thoroughly and remind citizens to remain vigilant when out alone during nighttime hours.",
        "deepseek": "Two women are walking alone down a narrow street. A black bike approaches them. The passenger, wearing a helmet, gets off the bike carrying a handgun. He harassed the woman in front of a parked white car while the rider remained on the bike.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing encounter caught on camera, two women were walking down a narrow street alone when a black bike began to approach them. The passenger, wearing a helmet, was seen to get off while carrying a gun. He then harassed one of the victims in front of a white car that was parked nearby."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v71",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Two, women, dressed, black, walking, down, street, child, riding, bicycle, distance, man, white, approached, touched, one, shoulder, tried, restrain, managed, break, free, fled, scene.",
        "Human": "Two women dressed in black were walking down the street, with a child riding a bicycle in the distance. A man dressed in white approached them, touched one of the women on the shoulder, and tried to restrain her. She managed to break free, and the man then fled the scene. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Two, women, dressed, black, walking, down, street, child, riding, bicycle, distance, man, white, approached, touched, one, shoulder, tried, restrain, managed, break, free, fled, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures two women dressed in black walking down a street, with a child riding a bicycle in the distance. Suddenly, a man in white approached, touched one woman’s shoulder, and tried to restrain her. She managed to break free as the attacker fled the scene within seconds. Police are reviewing the video to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, two women, both dressed in black, were walking down a city street when a young child, riding a bicycle at a distance, suddenly veered off course. A white man, who had been approaching them, unexpectedly reached out, touching one of the women's shoulders. The woman attempted to restrain him, but he managed to break free, seemingly startled by her reaction. The child, now closer, seemed to have witnessed the encounter, and after a brief pause, sped away, leaving the chaotic scene behind. The man, visibly shaken, appeared to apologize before quickly departing the area. Police are investigating this incident further, urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "Two women, dressed in black, are walking down a street. A child is riding a bicycle a short distance away. A man in a white shirt approached them, touched one woman on the shoulder, and tried to physically restrain her. She managed to break free, and the suspect fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, two women dressed in black were walking down a street with a child riding a bicycle. From a distance, a man in white approached the group and touched one of the women on the shoulder. The suspect tried to restrain her, but the victim managed to break free, after which he fled the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v72",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Woman, seen, cleaning, street, forested, area, man, approached, stopped, noticing, looked, back, ran, opposite, direction, turned, way, came.",
        "Human": "A woman was seen cleaning the street in a forested area when a man approached and stopped after noticing her. The woman looked back at him and then ran in the opposite direction, while the man turned and ran back the way he came. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, seen, cleaning, street, forested, area, man, approached, stopped, noticing, looked, back, ran, opposite, direction, turned, way, came.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a forested street area shows a woman seen cleaning the roadside when a man approached and stopped nearby. Sensing danger, she noticed him, looked back, and ran in the opposite direction. Moments later, the man turned and came back the same way, captured clearly on camera. Police are reviewing the footage to determine intent and trace the individual.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman was observed diligently cleaning a street in a forested area last night. A man, unidentified, approached her from behind, his steps stealthy but audible. The woman noticed, paused her work, looking over her shoulder. The man stopped momentarily, then continued to approach, his gaze fixed on the woman. Suddenly, he turned and ran in the opposite direction, prompting the woman to look back. She resumed her cleaning, seemingly unfazed, but minutes later, she too, swiftly turned and made her way down the street. Authorities urge vigilance in the community; if you have any information regarding this incident or recognize either individual involved, please contact your local police immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman is seen cleaning a street in a forested area. A man approached her and stopped. Upon noticing him, she looked back, then ran in the opposite direction. The man then turned and went back the way he came.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman was seen cleaning a street in a forested area. A man approached and then stopped. Noticing the individual, the woman looked back. The suspect suddenly ran in the opposite direction, turned, and fled the way he came"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v73",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, harassed, woman, busy, road, pushing, toward, car, parked, nearby, resisted, continued, force, against, incident, another, black, entered, door, opposite, side.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white harassed a woman also dressed in white on a busy road by pushing her toward a white car that was parked nearby. As she resisted, he continued to force her against the car. During the incident, another man dressed in black entered the car from the door on the opposite side. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, harassed, woman, busy, road, pushing, toward, car, parked, nearby, resisted, continued, force, against, incident, another, black, entered, door, opposite, side.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a busy road captures a man dressed in white harassing a woman, pushing her toward a car parked nearby. The woman resisted, but the man continued to use force against her as traffic passed. During the incident, another individual dressed in black entered the car through the opposite door, moments before the situation escalated further. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify those involved and take action.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident unfolded on a busy city road today. A man, dressed in white, was captured on camera harassing a woman near a parked car. The victim, seemingly trying to manage her belongings, was pushed towards the car from the opposite side. The aggressor, despite the woman's resistance, continued his forceful actions. Another individual, a black male, entered the scene, approached the woman's side, and intervened. The man, undeterred, did not cease his actions even in the presence of the bystander. The incident occurred next to a car parked on the roadside, with numerous witnesses present but seemingly uninvolved. Authorities have been notified and are investigating further. We urge anyone with additional information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in white harassed a woman on a busy road, pushing her toward a car parked nearby. She resisted, but he continued to use force against her. During the incident, another individual dressed in black entered a door on the opposite side of the street, unrelated to the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing encounter caught on camera, a man dressed in white harassed a woman on a busy road by pushing her toward a car parked nearby. The victim resisted, but the suspect continued to use force against her. During the incident, another individual in black entered through a door on the opposite side."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v74",
        "Duration": "00:00:14",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, formal, attire, sitting, lobby, six, people, waiting, suddenly, assaulted, woman, blue, carrying, child, throwing, book, moved, toward, slapped, incident, escalated, nearby, gathered, around, attempted, de-escalate, situation.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black formal attire was sitting in a lobby where six people were waiting. He suddenly assaulted a woman dressed in blue who was carrying a child by throwing a book at her. The man and the woman then moved toward each other, and he slapped her. As the incident escalated, people nearby gathered around and attempted to de-escalate the situation. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, formal, attire, sitting, lobby, six, people, waiting, suddenly, assaulted, woman, blue, carrying, child, throwing, book, moved, toward, slapped, incident, escalated, nearby, gathered, around, attempted, de-escalate, situation.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a public lobby shows a man dressed in black formal attire sitting among six people waiting. Without warning, he suddenly assaulted a woman in blue carrying a child, throwing a book, then moving toward her and slapping her. The incident escalated rapidly as those nearby gathered around, attempting to de-escalate the situation and shield the child. Authorities are reviewing the footage to determine charges and identify all involved.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbance unfolded in the corporate lobby of a high-rise building. A man, dressed in black formal attire, was seated among six other individuals, all waiting patiently. Suddenly, the tranquility was shattered as the same man, seemingly out of nowhere, assaulted a woman in blue, who was calmly reading a book while holding a child. The attacker moved towards her, his actions swift and unexpected, causing the woman to be slapped. Witnesses nearby quickly gathered around, attempting to de-escalate the situation. The woman, visibly shocked, appeared to be in a state of distress, clutching her child tightly. The incident, though brief, has left the lobby's usually serene atmosphere filled with tension. Police have been notified and are currently investigating further details.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in black formal attire is sitting in a lobby with six other people waiting. He suddenly assaulted a woman in blue who was carrying a child, throwing a book at her. As she moved toward him, he slapped her. The incident escalated as people nearby gathered around and attempted to de-escalate the situation.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man dressed in black formal attire was sitting in a lobby where six people were waiting. He suddenly assaulted a woman in blue who was carrying a child by throwing a book at her. The man then moved toward her and slapped her, causing the incident to escalate. Those nearby gathered around and attempted to de-escalate the situation."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v75",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "Man, harassed, woman, dressed, black, burqa, grabbing, collar, filming, phone, although, many, people, present, nearby, no, one, stepped, forward, intervene, protest",
        "Human": "A man harassed a woman dressed in a black burqa by grabbing her by the collar and filming her with his phone. Although many people were present nearby, no one stepped forward to intervene or protest. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, harassed, woman, dressed, black, burqa, grabbing, collar, filming, phone, although, many, people, present, nearby, no, one, stepped, forward, intervene, protest. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a man harassing a woman dressed in a black burqa, grabbing her by the collar while filming on his phone. Despite many people present nearby, no one stepped forward to intervene or protest as the confrontation unfolded in full view. Police are examining the footage to identify the suspect and question witnesses.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a disturbing incident in broad daylight. A man, identifiable in the footage, is seen harassing a woman, who is dressed in traditional black burqa attire. The incident occurred in a bustling public area where many people were present, yet none seemed to step forward to intervene. The man, despite the presence of numerous witnesses, approaches the woman, grabs her collar, and shakes her violently. Throughout this, the woman remains composed, possibly due to fear or shock. The assailant films the encounter on his phone, although it's unclear why he chose to document rather than stop the assault. Despite the escalating situation, there was no one among the bystanders who protested or attempted to help. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the importance of bystander intervention in such situations and the urgent need for greater societal awareness against harassment and violence towards women.",
        "deepseek": "A man harassed a woman dressed in a black burqa, aggressively grabbing her collar while filming her with his phone. Although many people were present nearby, no one stepped forward to intervene or protest the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man harassed a woman dressed in a black burqa. The suspect was seen grabbing the victim's collar while she was filming with her phone. Although many people were present nearby, no one stepped forward to intervene or protest the attack"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v76",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Man, following, woman, railway, station, sexually, harassed, approaching, attempting, forcefully, kiss, bent, down, collect, dropped, bag, escaped, scene.",
        "Human": "A man was following a woman at a railway station when he sexually harassed her by approaching and attempting to forcefully kiss her. As the woman bent down to collect her dropped bag, the man escaped from the scene. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, following, woman, railway, station, sexually, harassed, approaching, attempting, forcefully, kiss, bent, down, collect, dropped, bag, escaped, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a railway station shows a man following a woman along the platform. As she bent down to collect a dropped bag, the man approached and sexually harassed her, attempting to forcefully kiss. The woman reacted quickly and escaped the scene as the suspect moved away. Police are reviewing the footage to identify and apprehend the accused.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at the City West Railway Station, a man was captured on CCTV cameras, allegedly sexually harassing a woman. The suspect, identified as John Doe, is seen following the victim from the platform, persistently approaching her despite her clear attempts to distance herself.\n \n As the woman waited for her train, the man approached, bending down, and attempted to forcefully kiss her. The victim managed to escape his grasp, dropping her bag in the process. Despite this, Doe continued his advances, even going so far as to attempt to force a kiss.\n \n The shocking scene ended when the woman, visibly distressed, fled the area, leaving her bag behind. The incident has been reported to authorities, and they are currently seeking the man for questioning. If you have any information regarding this individual or the incident, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man is seen following a woman at a railway station. He sexually harassed her, approaching and attempting to forcefully kiss her. As she bent down to collect a dropped bag, she broke away and escaped the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera at a railway station, a man was seen following a woman before sexually harassing her. The suspect approached her and forcefully attempted to kiss her as she bent down to collect a dropped bag. Following the assault, the perpetrator escaped the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v77",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Metro, coach, man, dressed, dark, blue, approached, woman, wearing, white, pullover, began, harassing, fought, back, group, men, intervened, pushing, attacker, aside, help.",
        "Human": "Inside a metro coach, a man dressed in dark blue approached a woman wearing a white pullover and began harassing her. The woman fought back, and a group of men intervened, pushing the attacker aside to help her. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Metro, coach, man, dressed, dark, blue, approached, woman, wearing, white, pullover, began, harassing, fought, back, group, men, intervened, pushing, attacker, aside, help.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage inside a metro coach shows a man dressed in dark blue who approached a woman wearing a white pullover and began harassing her. The woman fought back, drawing attention as the situation escalated. Moments later, a group of men intervened, pushing the attacker aside and stepping in to help until the threat was neutralized. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify and take action against the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded on a metro coach this afternoon. A man, dressed in dark blue attire, approached a woman clad in a white pullover, initiating a series of harassing behaviors. The victim, visibly distressed, appeared to plead for help as the incident escalated.\n \n Witnesses reported that the situation soon turned violent, with the man attacking the woman. Passengers, witnessing the assault, intervened bravely, forming a makeshift circle around the pair. One group of men physically engaged the attacker, successfully disengaging him from his target and pushing him aside.\n \n The metro staff was alerted, and law enforcement was contacted immediately. The assailant was handed over to authorities upon their arrival. The woman is reported to be safe, but shaken by the ordeal. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of community intervention and support during such harrowing incidents.",
        "deepseek": "Inside a metro coach, a man dressed in dark blue approached a woman wearing a white pullover and began harassing her. The victim fought back. A group of men intervened, pushing the attacker aside to help her.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera inside a Metro coach, a man dressed in dark blue approached a woman wearing a white pullover and began harassing her. The victim fought back, and a group of men intervened, pushing the attacker aside to help"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v78",
        "Duration": "00:00:25",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, shirt, approached, woman, staircase, tried, avoid, sexually, harassed, molesting, attempting, forcefully, kiss, escape, pinned, down, drag, stairs, continued, resist, throughout, assault",
        "Human": "A man dressed in a white shirt approached a woman on a staircase as she tried to avoid him. He sexually harassed her by molesting her and attempting to forcefully kiss her. As she tried to escape, he pinned her down and attempted to drag her down the stairs, while she continued to resist throughout the assault. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, shirt, approached, woman, staircase, tried, avoid, sexually, harassed, molesting, attempting, forcefully, kiss, escape, pinned, down, drag, stairs, continued, resist, throughout, assault. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a man dressed in a white shirt approaching a woman on a staircase. As she tried to avoid him, he sexually harassed and molested her, attempting to forcefully kiss. When she tried to escape, the attacker pinned her down and dragged her on the stairs. The woman continued to resist throughout the assault until the man moved away. Police are examining the footage to identify and arrest the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white-shirted man was captured on camera aggressively targeting a woman on a staircase. The suspect, identified as a male individual, deliberately approached the victim, displaying signs of intent to harass or worse. He attempted to forcefully kiss the woman, resisting her persistent efforts to evade him. The assailant pinned her down, continuing his advances throughout the ordeal. Despite her struggle, the man persisted in his attempts to molest her, even dragging her down the stairs. Bystanders, seemingly oblivious or indifferent, passed by without intervention. The woman, visibly terrified, managed to escape, leaving the man still clinging to her. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident, taking place on [specific location], to come forward immediately. This is not just a case of sexual harassment, but a clear instance of assault, and it demands the attention and action of everyone in our community.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in a white shirt approached a woman on a staircase. She tried to avoid him, but he sexually harassed her, molesting her and attempting to forcefully kiss her. When she tried to escape, he pinned her down and dragged her along the stairs. The victim continued to resist throughout the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man dressed in a white shirt approached a woman on a staircase. The victim tried to avoid the individual, but he sexually harassed her by molesting her and attempting to forcefully kiss her. Despite her attempts to escape, the suspect pinned her down and tried to drag her down the stairs; the woman continued to resist throughout the assault"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v79",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Parking, area, several, cars, parked, door, suddenly, opened, woman, wearing, black, top, shorts, rushed, out, followed, closely, man, dressed, white, fell, space, moments, later, group, men, carrying, weapons, emerged, doorway, stood, watching, got, off",
        "Human": "In a parking area with several cars parked, a door suddenly opened and a woman wearing a black top and shorts rushed out, followed closely by a man dressed in white. The man fell on top of the woman in the parking space. Moments later, a group of men carrying weapons emerged from the doorway and stood watching as the man got off the woman. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Parking, area, several, cars, parked, door, suddenly, opened, woman, wearing, black, top, shorts, rushed, out, followed, closely, man, dressed, white, fell, space, moments, later, group, men, carrying, weapons, emerged, doorway, stood, watching, got, off. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a parking area with several cars parked shows a door suddenly opened as a woman wearing a black top and shorts rushed out, followed closely by a man dressed in white. She fell into the space moments later as the man closed in. Seconds after, a group of men carrying weapons emerged from the doorway, stood watching, and then got off, captured clearly on camera. Police are analyzing the footage to identify all involved and determine the sequence of events.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage from a crowded parking area captures a chilling incident. A woman, attired in black top and shorts, exits her vehicle suddenly, hastily rushing out. Moments later, a man dressed in white follows closely behind, falling to the ground as he emerges from the same vehicle's space.\n \n A group of men, armed with apparent weapons, then appear from the doorway, standing watchfully over the fallen man. The woman, seemingly unaware or unafraid, continues to move away from the scene. Minutes pass, and the group of men, still gathered, exit the parking lot. This shocking sequence raises concerns about potential violence or confrontation in this usually bustling parking area. Authorities have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing.",
        "deepseek": "In a parking area with several cars parked, a car door suddenly opened. A woman wearing a black top and shorts rushed out, followed closely by a man dressed in white. She fell in the space between vehicles. Moments later, a group of men carrying weapons emerged from a nearby doorway, stood watching, and then got into a vehicle and drove off.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera in a parking area with several cars parked, a door suddenly opened and a woman wearing a black top and shorts rushed out. She was followed closely by a man dressed in white, and the victim fell in the space between the vehicles. Moments later, a group of men carrying weapons emerged from the doorway, where they stood watching as the suspects got off."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v80",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, sitting, chair, harassed, woman, wearing, pink, extending, hand, grabbing, pulling, toward, resisted, actions, managed, escape, grip",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black was sitting on a chair when he harassed a woman wearing pink by extending his hand, grabbing her, and pulling her toward him. She resisted his actions and managed to escape from his grip. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, sitting, chair, harassed, woman, wearing, pink, extending, hand, grabbing, pulling, toward, resisted, actions, managed, escape, grip. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a man dressed in black sitting on a chair when he harassed a woman wearing pink, extending his hand, grabbing and pulling her toward him. The woman resisted his actions and managed to escape his grip within seconds. Authorities are reviewing the video to identify the suspect and take action.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV, a man, dressed in black, was seen harassing a woman in broad daylight. The incident occurred at approximately 4:37 PM in a public park. The woman, clad in pink, was sitting calmly on a chair when the black-clad individual approached. He extended his hand, attempting to grab her arm. The woman resisted, visibly distressed as he pulled her towards him. Despite his aggressive actions, she managed to escape from his grip, quickly standing up and moving away from the chair. The authorities have released this footage in hopes of identifying the harasser, urging any witnesses with information to come forward. This is a stark reminder of the importance of personal safety and vigilance in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in black is sitting in a chair. He harassed a woman wearing pink, extending his hand to grab her and pulling her toward him. She resisted his actions and managed to escape his grip.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man dressed in black was sitting in a chair when he harassed a woman wearing pink. The suspect was seen extending his hand, grabbing her, and pulling her toward him. The victim resisted his actions and managed to escape his grip"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v81",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Man, walking, behind, woman, wearing, saree, carrying, bag, narrow, empty, road, closed, distance, molested, causing, fall, ground, resisted, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A man was walking behind a woman wearing a saree and carrying a bag along a narrow, empty road. He closed the distance between them and molested her, causing her to fall to the ground. When she resisted, the man fled the scene. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, walking, behind, woman, wearing, saree, carrying, bag, narrow, empty, road, closed, distance, molested, causing, fall, ground, resisted, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage captures a man walking behind a woman wearing a saree and carrying a bag along a narrow, empty road. As the distance closed, he molested her, causing her to fall to the ground. The woman resisted, and the attacker fled the scene moments later. Police are reviewing the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on CCTV in a seemingly quiet, narrow, empty road. The video shows a man, identifiable by his gait, walking behind a woman clad in a traditional saree, carrying a bag. As they move along, the man approaches the woman, reaching out to touch her inappropriately. This sudden action causes the woman to stumble, falling to the ground. Despite being taken aback, she resists, visibly struggling against the unwanted advances. After a brief struggle, the assailant flees the scene, leaving the victim on the ground. Authorities are reviewing the footage as part of their investigation into this act of molestation. The public is urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man is seen walking behind a woman wearing a saree and carrying a bag on a narrow, empty road. He closed the distance, molested her, and caused her to fall to the ground. The victim resisted, and the suspect fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a man was walking behind a woman wearing a saree and carrying a bag. The encounter took place on a narrow, empty road. As the distance between them closed, the suspect molested the victim, causing her to fall to the ground. Although the woman resisted, the perpetrator fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v82",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Two, women, walking, deserted, lane, sexually, harassed, seen, men, riding, scooty, behind, drives, past, pillion, rider, stretches, out, hand, grope, nearest, woman, speed, away",
        "Human": "two women walking on deserted lane, were sexually harassed. It was seen two men riding a scooty comes from behind and as it drives past, the pillion rider stretches out his hand to grope the nearest woman and speed away. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Two, women, walking, deserted, lane, sexually, harassed, seen, men, riding, scooty, behind, drives, past, pillion, rider, stretches, out, hand, grope, nearest, woman, speed, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women walking along a deserted lane when they were sexually harassed by men riding a scooty from behind. As the vehicle drove past, the pillion rider stretched out a hand to grope the nearest woman, then sped away within seconds. Police are reviewing the footage to identify the riders and trace the vehicle.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, two women were walking along a deserted lane when they were subjected to sexual harassment. Two men on a scooty, riding pillion, pursued them from behind. The nearest man on the scooty stretched out his hand, groppping one of the women before speeding away. Witnesses confirmed that this occurred as the women continued their walk. Police are urgently investigating the incident, seeking leads on the identities of the perpetrators. They advise all citizens to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the ongoing challenge in ensuring the safety of women in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "Two women are walking down a deserted lane. They are sexually harassed by two men riding a scooty from behind. As the vehicle drives past, the pillion rider stretches out his hand and gropes the nearest woman before both suspects speed away.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, two women were walking down a deserted lane when they were sexually harassed. Two men were seen riding a scooty behind them. As the vehicle drives past, the pillion rider stretches out his hand to grope the nearest woman before they speed away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v83",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Two, women, wearing, white, school, uniforms, carrying, bags, walking, road, man, riding, scooter, approached, harassed, stretching, out, hand, tried, catch, fled, scene",
        "Human": "Two women wearing white school uniforms and carrying bags were walking along a road when a man riding a scooter approached them and harassed one of them by stretching out his hand. The woman tried to catch him, but the man fled the scene. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Two, women, wearing, white, school, uniforms, carrying, bags, walking, road, man, riding, scooter, approached, harassed, stretching, out, hand, tried, catch, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows two women wearing white school uniforms, carrying bags and walking along a road, when a man riding a scooter approached. In a swift move, he harassed them by stretching out his hand, trying to catch hold, before fleeing the scene. The incident, captured on camera, has prompted police to review footage and trace the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured two young women, both clad in pristine white school uniforms, strolling down a suburban street with their bags in tow. As they walked, a man on a motorized scooter drew near, seemingly out of nowhere. Approaching the pair, he reached out, attempting to grab one of the students. The girls reacted swiftly, shrieking and fleeing from the scene. The assailant, startled but not deterred, extended his hand further, before finally realizing his actions were unwelcome and sped off. Police have been alerted, and the search for the suspect is underway. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact local authorities immediately. Stay vigilant, be aware of your surroundings, and keep our children safe.",
        "deepseek": "Two women wearing white school uniforms and carrying bags are walking along a road. A man riding a scooter approached them, harassed them by stretching out his hand and trying to catch one victim, then fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, two women wearing white school uniforms and carrying bags were walking down a road. A man riding a scooter approached the pair and harassed them by stretching out his hand in an attempt to catch them. Following the assault, the suspect fled the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v84",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, pink, carrying, bag, walking, foot, overbridge, man, white, approached, behind, sexually, harassed, kissing, turned, around, look, immediately, ran, away, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in pink and carrying a bag was walking on a foot overbridge when a man dressed in white approached her from behind and sexually harassed her by kissing her. The woman turned around to look at him, but he immediately ran away from the scene. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, pink, carrying, bag, walking, foot, overbridge, man, white, approached, behind, sexually, harassed, kissing, turned, around, look, immediately, ran, away, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a foot overbridge shows a woman dressed in pink, carrying a bag, walking when a man in white approached from behind. In a sudden act, he sexually harassed her by kissing. The woman turned around to look, then immediately ran away from the scene. Police are reviewing the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, captured on CCTV footage, a woman, clad in a pink outfit, was seen walking across a foot overbridge. A man, identifiable as a white male, approached from behind, engaging in inappropriate behavior. He attempted to kiss the woman, who reacted instantly, turning around in shock. The victim's immediate response was to run away from the scene. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident, which occurred near the city's central business district, to come forward. The suspect is described as a middle-aged man, approximately 6 feet tall, with short hair and wearing casual attire. This incident serves as a grim reminder for everyone to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities promptly.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in pink and carrying a bag is walking on foot across an overbridge. A man in a white shirt approached her from behind, sexually harassed her by kissing her, then immediately ran away from the scene as she turned around to look.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in pink and carrying a bag was walking across a foot overbridge. A man in white approached her from behind and sexually harassed her by kissing her. The victim turned around to look at the perpetrator, who immediately ran away from the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v85",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, pullover, walking, inside, corridor, man, dressed, shirt, blue, jeans, approached, opposite, direction, groped, attempted, lift, pinned, wall, struggled, free, herself, initially, unable",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black pullover was walking inside a corridor when a man dressed in a black shirt and blue jeans approached her from the opposite direction and groped her. He attempted to lift her and pinned her against the wall. The woman struggled to free herself but was initially unable to do so. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, pullover, walking, inside, corridor, man, dressed, shirt, blue, jeans, approached, opposite, direction, groped, attempted, lift, pinned, wall, struggled, free, herself, initially, unable. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from an indoor corridor shows a woman wearing a black pullover walking inside when a man dressed in a blue shirt and jeans approached from the opposite direction. In a sudden attack, he groped her and attempted to lift her, pinning her against the wall. The woman struggled to free herself, initially unable as the assault unfolded within seconds. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a black pullover was captured on CCTV walking along an indoor corridor, her steps echoing through the quiet space. A man, donning a blue shirt and jeans, emerged from the opposite direction. As they passed, the man suddenly reached out, attempting to grope her. He managed to momentarily lift her off her feet, pinning her against the corridor wall. The woman struggled vigorously, initially seeming unable to break free. However, with a swift movement, she disengaged and regained control, escaping the man's grasp. The incident is currently under investigation by local authorities, and anyone with information pertaining to this case is urged to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a black pullover is walking inside a building corridor. A man dressed in a blue shirt and jeans approached from the opposite direction. He groped her, attempted to lift her, and pinned her against the wall. She struggled to free herself but was initially unable to break free",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a black pullover was walking inside a corridor when a man dressed in a shirt and blue jeans approached from the opposite direction. The suspect groped the victim and attempted to lift her as he pinned her against the wall. Although she struggled to free herself, she was initially unable to do so"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v86",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, burqa, carrying, bag, walking, road, man, dressed, black, approached, behind, molested, grabbing, chest, touching, inappropriately, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white burqa and carrying a bag was walking along a road when a man dressed in black approached her from behind and molested her by grabbing her chest and touching her inappropriately. He then fled the scene. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, burqa, carrying, bag, walking, road, man, dressed, black, approached, behind, molested, grabbing, chest, touching, inappropriately, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from an indoor corridor shows a woman wearing a black pullover walking inside when a man dressed in a blue shirt and jeans approached from the opposite direction. Without warning, he groped her and attempted to lift her, pinning her against the wall. The woman struggled to free herself, initially unable to break away as the assault unfolded within seconds. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in a white burqa, was subjected to an appalling act while walking along a busy city street. The victim, carrying a bag, seemed unassuming as she strolled down the road. Suddenly, a man, dressed in black, emerged from behind, approaching her stealthily. He then proceeded to inappropriately touch her, grabbing her chest, in broad daylight. Bystanders were left in shock as the man molested her before swiftly fleeing the scene. Police have released the CCTV footage and urge anyone with information regarding this heinous crime to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder for all to remain vigilant, especially when navigating public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a white burqa and carrying a bag is walking on a road. A man dressed in black approached her from behind, molested her by grabbing her chest and touching her inappropriately, then fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a white burqa and carrying a bag was walking down a road when a man dressed in black approached her from behind. The suspect molested the victim by grabbing her chest and touching her inappropriately. Following the assault, the perpetrator fled the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v87",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, cutting, grass, lawn, near, parked, cars, man, wearing, white, clothing, approached, behind, pants, lowered, sexually, harassed, performing, inappropriate, actions",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was cutting grass on her lawn near parked cars. A man wearing white clothing approached her from behind with his pants lowered and sexually harassed her by performing inappropriate actions. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, cutting, grass, lawn, near, parked, cars, man, wearing, white, clothing, approached, behind, pants, lowered, sexually, harassed, performing, inappropriate, actions. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman dressed in black cutting grass on a lawn near parked cars when a man wearing white clothing approached from behind. Moments later, his pants were lowered as he sexually harassed her, performing inappropriate actions in full view of the camera. The incident unfolded rapidly before the man moved away, leaving the victim shaken. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify the suspect and take action.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in black, was captured on camera while cutting grass on a suburban lawn, near two parked cars. A man, clad in white clothing, approached from behind, apparently unrelated to her work. As he drew nearer, his actions became increasingly suspicious. The man lowered his pants and proceeded with inappropriate, sexually harassing actions towards the woman. This incident occurred in broad daylight, leaving the community alarmed and concerned for their safety. Authorities urge vigilance and immediate reporting of any similar incidents. The investigation is ongoing to identify and apprehend the offender.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was cutting the grass near a row of parked cars. Surveillance footage shows a man, wearing white clothing, approaching from behind while she operated the lawn equipment. The man then lowered his pants and sexually harassed the woman, performing inappropriate actions before fleeing on foot.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was cutting grass on a lawn near several parked cars. A man wearing white clothing approached her from behind with his pants lowered. He sexually harassed the victim while performing inappropriate actions before fleeing the area."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v88",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, crossing, road, man, wearing, white, clothing, ran, up, behind, groped, fleeing, scene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was crossing the road when a man wearing white clothing ran up from behind and groped her before fleeing the scene. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, crossing, road, man, wearing, white, clothing, ran, up, behind, groped, fleeing, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman dressed in black crossing a road when a man wearing white clothing ran up from behind. In a sudden move, he groped her and immediately fled the scene. The incident lasted only seconds but left the victim visibly shaken as traffic continued around her. Authorities are examining the footage to identify and apprehend the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on surveillance cameras, a woman, dressed in black, was seen calmly crossing a road at approximately 9:47 PM yesterday evening. Suddenly, a man, clad in white attire, emerged from the opposite direction, running up behind her with unusual haste. As he approached, he reached out and inappropriately touched the woman before quickly resuming his flight. The distressed woman immediately reacted, turning around and appearing visibly shaken as the man disappeared from view. Police are currently investigating this incident and urge anyone with information regarding this individual or similar occurrences to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder for everyone to stay vigilant, especially during late-night hours.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was crossing the road. Surveillance footage shows a man, wearing white clothing, who ran up behind her. The man then groped the victim before immediately fleeing the scene on foot toward the westbound alley.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was crossing the road when a man wearing white clothing ran up behind her. The suspect groped the victim before fleeing the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v89",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Elevator, doors, opened, woman, stepped, out, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, cap, standing, beside, sexually, assaulted, grabbing, behind",
        "Human": "In an elevator, as the doors opened and the woman stepped out, a man wearing a black T-shirt and a cap who was standing beside her sexually assaulted her by grabbing her from behind. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Elevator, doors, opened, woman, stepped, out, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, cap, standing, beside, sexually, assaulted, grabbing, behind. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows elevator doors opened as a woman stepped out, with a man wearing a black T-shirt and cap standing beside. In a sudden act, he sexually assaulted her by grabbing from behind before she could react. The incident unfolded within seconds inside the building corridor. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify the suspect and take action.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, authorities are seeking the public's help in identifying a suspect involved in a reported sexual assault case. The incident unfolded in a high-rise building's elevator, captured on security cameras. As the elevator doors slid open, a woman in civilian attire, characterized by a black T-shirt and a cap, exited. A man standing beside her, clad in casual wear, is believed to have followed her out. Moments later, as the victim was walking down the hallway, the suspect approached from behind, allegedly grabbing her inappropriately. Witnesses report that they immediately left the area following the encounter. If you recognize the individuals or have any information regarding this incident, please contact local law enforcement.",
        "deepseek": "As the elevator doors opened and a woman stepped out, a man wearing a black T-shirt and a dark cap, standing beside the elevator, sexually assaulted her by grabbing her from behind. The suspect then fled down the vehicle ramp.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, an elevator's doors opened and a woman stepped out into what should have been a safe hallway. A man wearing a black T-shirt and a cap was standing beside the entrance, waiting for his opportunity. As she passed, the suspect suddenly sexually assaulted her, grabbing the victim from behind"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v90",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, walking, footpath, several, bicycles, parked, nearby, man, wearing, clothing, ran, toward, physically, assaulted, groping, behind, causing, fall, ground",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was walking along a footpath with several bicycles parked nearby. A man wearing black clothing ran toward her and physically assaulted her by groping her from behind, causing both of them to fall to the ground. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, walking, footpath, several, bicycles, parked, nearby, man, wearing, clothing, ran, toward, physically, assaulted, groping, behind, causing, fall, ground. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage shows a woman dressed in black walking along a footpath with several bicycles parked nearby. Suddenly, a man wearing light-colored clothing ran toward her and physically assaulted her, groping her from behind. The force caused the woman to lose balance and fall to the ground as the attacker moved away. The incident unfolded in seconds and is now under investigation as police review the footage to identify the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly clad in black, is seen calmly walking along the footpath, with several bicycles parked nearby. As she advances, a man, distinctively dressed, emerges from the crowd and runs towards her. The footage shows him physically assaulting the unsuspecting woman, reaching out to grope her from behind. The sudden attack causes the woman to stumble, falling harshly onto the ground. Witnesses are urged to come forward with information as the police search for the suspect, who fled the scene immediately after the violent incident.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was walking on the footpath with several bicycles parked nearby. CCTV shows a man, wearing dark clothing, who ran toward her from behind. He physically assaulted her, groping the victim and causing her to fall to the ground. The suspect then fled northbound.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was walking along a footpath where several bicycles were parked nearby. A man in dark clothing suddenly ran toward her and physically assaulted her, groping her from behind. The force of the attack caused the victim to fall to the ground"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v91",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, dress, cap, back, blue, mask, resting, chin, walking, beach, vlogging, man, dressed, shirt, approached, kissed, shoulder, fled, scene, giving, thumbs-up, gesture, appeared, shocked, stared, surprise",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white dress, with a cap on her back and a blue mask resting on her chin, was walking along a beach while vlogging. A man dressed in a blue shirt approached her, kissed her on the shoulder, and then fled the scene while giving a thumbs-up gesture. The woman appeared shocked and stared after him in surprise. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, dress, cap, back, blue, mask, resting, chin, walking, beach, vlogging, man, dressed, shirt, approached, kissed, shoulder, fled, scene, giving, thumbs-up, gesture, appeared, shocked, stared, surprise. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "CCTV footage from a beach captures a woman wearing a white dress and cap, with a blue mask resting on her chin, walking and vlogging. A man dressed in a shirt suddenly approached, kissed her on the shoulder, and immediately fled the scene, giving a thumbs-up gesture as he ran off. The woman appeared shocked, stopping and staring in surprise as the moment ended within seconds. Authorities are reviewing the footage to identify the suspect.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at a popular beach vlogging location, a woman, identifiable by her white dress, cap, and blue mask, was seen casually filming on her vlog. Suddenly, a man, dressed in a shirt, approaches from behind, kisses her shoulder, gives a thumbs-up gesture, and quickly departs. The woman, initially appearing surprised, seems to recover quickly, giving a stunned yet composed stare before continuing to vlog. Bystanders, who were also recording, looked on in shock as the unexpected encounter unfolded. Police are investigating this incident, asking anyone with footage or information regarding the incident to come forward. The public is reminded to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activities for the safety of all beachgoers.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white dress with a blue cap and a mask resting on her chin, was walking and vlogging. A man dressed in a floral shirt approached, kissed her shoulder without consent, and fled the scene. The suspect gave a thumbs-up gesture to the camera. The victim was visibly shocked, staring in surprise.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing incident captured on camera, a woman wearing a white dress, a cap turned back, and a blue mask resting on her chin was walking along a beach while vlogging when she was targeted by a stranger. A man dressed in a shirt approached her from behind and suddenly kissed her shoulder, after which he immediately fled the scene while giving a thumbs-up gesture. The victim appeared visibly shocked and stared in total surprise as the assailant made his escape."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v92",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, red, saree, walking, road, lined, parked, cars, man, charged, toward, sexually, assaulted, resisted, slapped, ran, away, holding, up, pants",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a red saree was walking along a road lined with parked cars when a man charged toward her and sexually assaulted her. When the woman resisted and slapped him, he ran away while holding up his pants. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, red, saree, walking, road, lined, parked, cars, man, charged, toward, sexually, assaulted, resisted, slapped, ran, away, holding, up, pants. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In chilling CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a red saree, is seen walking along a road lined with parked cars. A man suddenly charged toward her and sexually assaulted her; she resisted, was slapped, then ran away. The suspect fled moments later, holding up pants, leaving investigators to piece together the attack from the camera’s stark, silent record.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly draped in a red saree, was sexually assaulted while walking down a busy street lined with parked cars and lined-up vehicles. The incident occurred during the afternoon hours, as the victim strolled leisurely along the road. A man, whose identity remains unknown, approached her, charging towards her with a predatory intent. He allegedly attempted to sexually assault her, but she bravely resisted. In a shocking twist, the assailant slapped the woman before fleeing the scene, leaving the terrified victim behind. Witnesses reported that she was quickly composed enough to hold up her pants, possibly to conceal any injuries or maintain modesty, before running away for safety. Authorities are currently investigating this heinous crime and urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, red, saree, walking, road, lined, parked, cars, man, charged, toward, sexually, assaulted, resisted, slapped, ran, away, holding, up, pants. It should read like a ‘Crime Watch’ segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in a red saree was walking down a road lined with parked cars when a man suddenly charged toward her. The suspect sexually assaulted the victim, but she bravely resisted and slapped him during the struggle. Faced with her defense, the assailant ran away while holding up his pants."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v93",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, carrying, bag, walking, row, parked, cars, man, wearing, yellow, hoodie, began, following, approached, assaulted, dog, suddenly, appeared, started, barking, startled, backed, off, ran, away",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black and carrying a bag was walking along a row of parked cars when a man wearing a yellow hoodie began following her. He approached and assaulted her, but a dog suddenly appeared and started barking at him. Startled, the man backed off and ran away. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, carrying, bag, walking, row, parked, cars, man, wearing, yellow, hoodie, began, following, approached, assaulted, dog, suddenly, appeared, started, barking, startled, backed, off, ran, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In stark CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black and carrying a bag, is seen walking past a row of parked cars. A man, wearing a yellow hoodie, began following her, then approached and assaulted her. A dog suddenly appeared and started barking, startled the suspect; he backed off and ran away as the victim escaped, the incident unfolding in seconds under the unblinking camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in black, was captured on camera while walking her dog along a row of parked cars. A man, clad in a yellow hoodie, was seen beginning to follow her from a distance. As he approached, the situation escalated; the woman's dog suddenly appeared, started barking, causing her to be startled. The man, without provocation, lunged forward and assaulted the dog. The startled woman backed off, and the man, seemingly undeterred, continued to pursue her. In a swift motion, the woman picked up her bag and ran away, leaving the scene in disarray. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward immediately. Remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to local law enforcement.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black and carrying a bag, was walking past a row of parked cars. A man wearing a yellow hoodie began following her, then approached and assaulted her. A dog suddenly appeared from between vehicles and started barking aggressively. The suspect was startled, backed off, and ran away eastbound.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage captures the moment a woman dressed in black, carrying a bag, was walking past a row of parked cars when a man wearing a yellow hoodie began following her. The tension peaks as the suspect approached and assaulted the victim, but the situation shifted when a dog suddenly appeared and started barking aggressively. Startled by the animal's intervention, the assailant backed off and ran away, leaving the woman shaken but safe"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v94",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, top, shorts, seen, fighting, back, man, dressed, shirt, another, white, attempted, help, second, green, restrained, fell, ground, two, men, fled, scene.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black top and shorts was seen fighting back against a man dressed in a black shirt. Another woman in white attempted to help her, but a second man wearing a green shirt restrained her. In the end, the woman in black fell to the ground, and the two men fled the scene. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, top, shorts, seen, fighting, back, man, dressed, shirt, another, white, attempted, help, second, green, restrained, fell, ground, two, men, fled, scene.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In brief but alarming CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a black top and shorts, is seen fighting back against a man, dressed in a shirt. Another, in white, attempted to help, but a second man in green restrained him. The woman fell to the ground as the two men fled the scene, leaving investigators to review the rapid, chaotic moments captured on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera at approximately 8:45 PM last night. The incident occurred at a local park near the corner of Elm and Oak Streets. A woman, identifiable by her black top and shorts, was seen engaged in a physical fight with a man, dressed in a white shirt. The woman, who initially appeared to be seeking assistance from a second man in a green shirt, suddenly turned aggressive. The man in the green shirt attempted to intervene but was restrained by a nearby passerby. The initial man and woman then continued their fight, resulting in both falling onto the ground. Two additional men, who had been observing the scene, subsequently fled the area. Emergency services were called to the scene, and the woman and man involved have not yet been identified or apprehended. This incident serves as a reminder to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a red saree, was walking on a road lined with parked cars. A man charged toward her and sexually assaulted her. The victim resisted and slapped the attacker. The suspect then ran away while holding up his pants, fleeing westbound on foot.",
        "gemini": "In this intense footage, a woman wearing a black top and shorts is seen fighting back against a man dressed in a dark shirt. As the struggle escalates, another man in white attempted to help, while a second individual in green intervened and restrained the attacker. During the chaotic scuffle, the suspect fell to the ground before the two men fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v95",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, pink, ethnic, wear, attacked, footpath, lined, parked, cars, man, wearing, white, shirt, grabbed, punched, face, managed, break, free, ran, nearby, store, followed",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in pink ethnic wear was attacked on a footpath lined with parked cars by a man wearing a white shirt. He grabbed her and punched her in the face. She managed to break free and ran into a nearby store, but the man followed her. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, pink, ethnic, wear, attacked, footpath, lined, parked, cars, man, wearing, white, shirt, grabbed, punched, face, managed, break, free, ran, nearby, store, followed. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In unsettling CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in pink ethnic wear, is attacked on a footpath lined with parked cars. A man, wearing a white shirt, grabbed her and punched her face. She managed to break free and ran toward a nearby store, with the suspect followed moments later, the sequence unfolding rapidly under the camera’s gaze.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman of ethnic descent, elegantly dressed in a bright pink outfit, was brutally attacked on a crowded city footpath lined with parked cars. The assailant, a man clad in a pristine white shirt, launched the assault without warning. Caught on camera, he grabbed her, delivering a series of hard punches to her face before she managed to break free. Witnesses report that the woman, visibly shaken but unharmed, immediately ran towards a nearby convenience store for safety. The aggressor, unfazed, reportedly followed, only to disappear into the crowd. Authorities are urgently seeking information regarding this unprovoked attack, asking anyone with knowledge of the suspect or the incident to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the need for vigilance and community cooperation in maintaining public safety.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in pink ethnic wear, was attacked on a footpath lined with parked cars. A man wearing a white shirt grabbed her, punched her in the face, and attempted to drag her. The victim managed to break free and ran toward a nearby store. The suspect followed her briefly before fleeing north.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in pink ethnic wear was attacked while on a footpath lined with parked cars. A man wearing a white shirt grabbed her and punched her in the face. She managed to break free and ran into a nearby store, but the suspect followed her inside"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v96",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "Hotel, corridor, man, dressed, black, formal, attire, seen, talking, woman, grabbed, assaulted, continuing, drag, toward, corner",
        "Human": "In a hotel corridor, a man dressed in black formal attire was seen talking with a woman. He then grabbed her and assaulted her, continuing to drag her toward a corner of the corridor. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Hotel, corridor, man, dressed, black, formal, attire, seen, talking, woman, grabbed, assaulted, continuing, drag, toward, corner. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage from a hotel corridor, a man, dressed in black formal attire, is seen talking to a woman before suddenly grabbed and assaulted her. The attack appears continuing, as he attempts to drag toward a corner, the silent camera capturing the rapid escalation before the clip cuts.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on hotel CCTV, a man clad in black formal attire was seen conversing with a woman in the hotel corridor. The interaction took a violent turn when the man suddenly reached out, grabbing the woman by the arm. The assault continued as he forcefully dragged her towards the hotel's corner, away from the public eye. Authorities urge vigilance, stressing that anyone witnessing such behavior should immediately contact local law enforcement. The suspect is described as a man, approximately 6 feet tall, wearing a black suit and tie. The victim, a woman of average build, was last seen wearing a red dress. The incident occurred at 9:37 PM, and the suspect remains at large.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage shows a man dressed in black formal attire seen talking to a woman. He then grabbed and assaulted her, continuing to drag her toward a secluded corner near the service elevator. The victim was heard calling for help.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene captured by CCTV, a man dressed in black formal attire is seen talking to a woman in a hotel corridor before the interaction turned violent. The suspect suddenly grabbed and assaulted her, continuing to drag the victim toward a corner and out of view of the primary camera"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v97",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, cream, T-shirt, assaulted, woman, dressed, brown, ethnic, wear, street, several, people, watching, few, attempted, intervene, continued, slap, fought, back, eventually, fell, ground, began, moving, away, scene, meanwhile, stepped, stopped, altercation",
        "Human": "A man wearing a cream T-shirt assaulted a woman dressed in brown ethnic wear on a street. Several people were watching, and a few attempted to intervene, but the man continued to slap her. The woman fought back, but eventually fell to the ground and began moving away from the scene. Meanwhile, a man dressed in brown stepped in and tried to stop the altercation. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, cream, T-shirt, assaulted, woman, dressed, brown, ethnic, wear, street, several, people, watching, few, attempted, intervene, continued, slap, fought, back, eventually, fell, ground, began, moving, away, scene, meanwhile, stepped, stopped, altercation. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In stark CCTV footage, a man, wearing a cream T-shirt, assaulted a woman, dressed in brown ethnic wear, on a street as several people stood watching. A few attempted to intervene, but the attacker continued to slap her. The woman fought back, eventually fell to the ground, and began moving away from the scene. Meanwhile, bystanders stepped in and stopped the altercation, the tense moments unfolding under the unblinking camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident unfolded on a busy city street. A man, clad in a cream T-shirt, violently assaulted a woman dressed in brown ethnic attire. Witnesses, wearing a mix of casual and formal clothing, gathered to watch the altercation. Several people attempted to intervene, but their efforts were met with resistance as the assailant continued his aggressive actions. The woman, visibly distressed, was seen being forcefully slapped and engaged in a heated physical fight with the attacker. Bystanders, some of whom had stepped forward to stop the violence, found themselves unable to quell the escalating situation. Eventually, the woman fell to the ground, her body motionless against the pavement. Meanwhile, the man backed away from the scene, seemingly satisfied that his objective had been achieved. The altercation left an eerie silence over the once bustling street, a stark reminder of the senseless acts of violence that can occur in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing a cream T-shirt assaulted a woman dressed in brown ethnic wear on a busy street. Several people were watching; a few attempted to intervene. The assailant continued to slap the victim as she fought back. He eventually forced her to the ground before beginning to move away from the scene. Meanwhile, another individual stepped in and finally stopped the altercation.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street encounter caught on camera, a man wearing a cream T-shirt assaulted a woman dressed in brown ethnic wear while several people stood watching. Although a few attempted to intervene, the assailant continued to slap the victim as she fought back, until she eventually fell to the ground. As the suspect began moving away from the scene, a bystander meanwhile stepped in and stopped the altercation."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v98",
        "Duration": "00:01:34",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, fighting, arguing, woman, black, ethnic, wear, inside, living, area, house, little, baby, terrified, moving, here, there, two, people, another, trying, stop, push, back, seated, sofa, three, start, harassing, ground, beating",
        "Human": "a man dressed in white were fighting and arguing with woman dressed in black ethnic wear inside the living area of house, little baby were terrified, moving from here and there and two people, a another man dressed in white and woman were trying to stop them and man push back the women in black , she seated on soaf and three of them start harassing her and push her on ground and they beating her. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, fighting, arguing, woman, black, ethnic, wear, inside, living, area, house, little, baby, terrified, moving, here, there, two, people, another, trying, stop, push, back, seated, sofa, three, start, harassing, ground, beating. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage from inside a living area of a house, a man, dressed in white, is fighting and arguing with a woman in black ethnic wear. A little baby, visibly terrified, is seen moving here and there as two people and another person try to stop the man and push back those involved. The woman is seated on a sofa before three individuals start harassing her; she is forced to the ground and beating follows, the chaos unfolding in seconds under the camera’s gaze.",
        "Mistral": "In a shocking turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded within a residential area, captured on a neighbor's security camera. A man, dressed in white, is seen engaging in a heated argument with a black woman inside her house. The argument quickly escalates into a physical fight, with both individuals pushing and shoving each other. A third person, seated on a sofa, tries to intervene but is ignored.\n \n A little baby, seemingly terrified, is seen moving from one end of the room to another, away from the commotion. The man, despite the presence of the baby, continues his aggressive behavior, even resorting to ground-pounding the woman several times. The woman, although visibly scared, attempts to defend herself and fights back.\n \n Neighbors who rushed to help found it difficult to separate the two, as they were equally determined to continue the fight. Police were called, and upon arrival, they successfully managed to stop the violence and apprehend the man. The woman was taken to a safe location, while the man was charged for domestic assault and battery. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of peace and respect in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "Inside a living area, a man dressed in white is seen fighting and arguing with a woman in black ethnic wear. A terrified little baby is moving nearby. Two other people are present; one is trying to stop the assault but is pushed back onto a sofa. The three assailants then start harassing the woman, forcing her to the ground and beating her.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a man dressed in white is seen arguing and fighting with a woman in black ethnic wear inside the living area of a house, while a terrified little baby is moving here and there. As the two people struggle, another person appeared and tried to stop the altercation by pushing back the assailant. Despite the intervention, the suspect forced the victims onto a seated sofa, where three individuals began harassing them before the situation escalated further into a beating on the ground"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v99",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Inside, house, near, covered, staircase, woman, wearing, blue, T-shirt, fighting, dressed, maroon, saree, fell, ground, punched, face, man, pink, shirt, white, attempted, intervene, stop, fight, boy, appeared, frightened, moved, away, toward, stairs",
        "Human": "Inside a house near a covered staircase, a woman wearing a blue T-shirt was fighting with a woman dressed in a maroon saree. Both of them fell to the ground, and the woman in blue punched the other woman in the face. At the same time, a man wearing a pink shirt was fighting with a man dressed in white, while another man in a white shirt attempted to intervene and stop the fight. A boy dressed in blue appeared frightened and moved away toward the stairs. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Inside, house, near, covered, staircase, woman, wearing, blue, T-shirt, fighting, dressed, maroon, saree, fell, ground, punched, face, man, pink, shirt, white, attempted, intervene, stop, fight, boy, appeared, frightened, moved, away, toward, stairs. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage inside a house, near a covered staircase, a woman, wearing a blue T-shirt, is seen fighting with another dressed in a maroon saree. The altercation escalates; one fell to the ground and was punched in the face. A man in a pink shirt and white clothing attempted to intervene and stop the fight. A boy appeared frightened, moved away, and headed toward the stairs as the scene unfolded.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured inside a residential property. The scene unfolds near a covered staircase where a woman, dressed in a blue T-shirt, is seen engaged in a physical fight with a man, clad in a maroon saree and a pink shirt. The woman appears to have fallen to the ground after being struck multiple times by the man, who also landed punches on her face.\n \n A boy, dressed in white, suddenly appears amidst the chaos, seeming frightened as he witnesses the disturbing scene. He moves away from the vicinity, only to reappear moments later, apparently attempting to intervene and stop the fight. However, his efforts seem futile as the man continues his assault.\n \n The commotion attracts the attention of neighbors, who can be heard shouting and moving towards the stairs, likely in an attempt to disengage the combatants and prevent further violence. This shocking incident underscores the urgent need for community vigilance and swift action against domestic abuse.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a blue T-shirt is seen fighting with a woman dressed in a maroon saree, who fell to the ground and was punched in the face. A man in a pink shirt and white pants attempted to intervene to stop the fight. A young boy appeared, frightened, and moved away from the violence toward the stairs.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera inside a house near a covered staircase, a woman wearing a blue T-shirt is seen fighting with a second woman dressed in a maroon saree. During the struggle, the woman in the saree fell to the ground and was punched in the face. Two men, one in a pink shirt and another in white, attempted to intervene to stop the fight. Amidst the chaos, a young boy appeared; looking frightened, he quickly moved away toward the stairs."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v100",
        "Duration": "00:00:12",
        "keywords": "Supermarket, two, people, seen, fighting, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, pants, charged, woman, dressed, brown, top, jeans, repeatedly, punching, bystanders, gathered, men, white, intervened, restrained, attacker, brought, ground, stop, assault.",
        "Human": "In a supermarket, two people were seen fighting. A man wearing a black T-shirt and pants charged at a woman dressed in a brown top and jeans, repeatedly punching her. As bystanders gathered, two men wearing white intervened, restrained the attacker, and brought him to the ground to stop the assault. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Supermarket, two, people, seen, fighting, man, wearing, black, T-shirt, pants, charged, woman, dressed, brown, top, jeans, repeatedly, punching, bystanders, gathered, men, white, intervened, restrained, attacker, brought, ground, stop, assault.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In stark CCTV footage from a supermarket, two people are seen fighting as a man, wearing a black T-shirt and pants, charged a woman, dressed in a brown top and jeans, repeatedly punching her. Bystanders quickly gathered as men in white intervened, restrained the attacker, and brought him to the ground to stop the assault, the violent episode unfolding in seconds on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded at a local supermarket yesterday afternoon. Two individuals were captured on CCTV, engaged in a physical fight. The man, clad in a black T-shirt and pants, was seen repeatedly punching the woman, who wore a brown top and jeans. Bystanders quickly gathered as the attack escalated, with the assailant striking more than once. Witnesses reported the commotion, prompting several men, dressed in white, to intervene and restrain the attacker. Despite their efforts, the altercation continued before the assailant was eventually brought to the ground, where he was held until authorities arrived. The woman was visibly shaken but appeared uninjured. Police have since identified the man and are investigating this assault case further. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact the local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Two people were seen fighting violently. A man wearing a black T-shirt and pants charged at a woman dressed in a brown top and jeans, repeatedly punching her. Bystanders gathered as the assault escalated. Two men in white shirts intervened, restrained the attacker, and brought him to the ground to stop the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a supermarket, two people were seen fighting after a man wearing a black T-shirt and pants charged at a woman dressed in a brown top and jeans, repeatedly punching her. As bystanders gathered, several men in white intervened and restrained the attacker, who was brought to the ground to stop the assault."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v101",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, blue, jeans, carrying, jacket, approached, man, fallen, bicycle, stood, up, rushed, toward, slapped, response, hugged, tried, calm, walked, sidewalk, sat, down.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing blue jeans and carrying a jacket approached a man who had fallen from his bicycle. When the man stood up, he rushed toward her and slapped her. In response, the woman hugged him and tried to calm him. In the end, she walked to the sidewalk and sat down. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, blue, jeans, carrying, jacket, approached, man, fallen, bicycle, stood, up, rushed, toward, slapped, response, hugged, tried, calm, walked, sidewalk, sat, down.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In unsettling CCTV footage, a woman, wearing blue jeans and carrying a jacket, is approached by a man with a fallen bicycle. He stood up and rushed toward her, slapped her in a sudden response. The woman hugged him and tried to calm the situation before they walked along the sidewalk and sat down, the tense encounter captured in a few stark moments on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman clad in blue jeans and a jacket was seen approaching a man who had fallen off his bicycle on the sidewalk. Upon reaching him, she stood over him, before suddenly rushing towards him and slapping his face. The man, visibly startled, attempted to respond but remained calm. The woman, undeterred, then unexpectedly hugged the man, before trying to walk away. However, she returned moments later, sitting back down next to the man, still seated on the ground with his fallen bicycle. Witnesses reported the incident to authorities, and the woman is currently being sought for questioning. This incident remains under investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing blue jeans and carrying a jacket, approached a man who had fallen from his bicycle. As he stood up, he rushed toward her and slapped her. In response, she hugged him tightly, appearing to try and calm him. She then walked to the sidewalk and sat down, visibly distressed.",
        "gemini": "In a startling sequence captured on camera, a woman wearing blue jeans and carrying a jacket approached a man who had fallen from his bicycle. As the man stood up, he suddenly rushed toward her and slapped the victim. In an unusual response, the man then hugged her and tried to calm the situation before he walked to the sidewalk and sat down."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v102",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, orange, top, sitting, middle, empty, road, lined, parked, vehicles, sides, man, wearing, maroon, shirt, assaulted, kicked",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in an orange top was sitting in the middle of an empty road lined with parked vehicles on both sides when a man wearing a maroon shirt assaulted her and kicked her. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, orange, top, sitting, middle, empty, road, lined, parked, vehicles, sides, man, wearing, maroon, shirt, assaulted, kicked. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in an orange top, is seen sitting in the middle of an empty road lined with parked vehicles on both sides. A man, wearing a maroon shirt, suddenly assaulted her, kicking her repeatedly as the isolated scene unfolded under the camera’s gaze.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, a woman, dressed in an orange top, was seated alone in the middle of an apparently deserted, empty road. The road was lined with parked vehicles on both sides, and she was visibly distressed. A man, identifiable by his maroon shirt, approached her from one of the parked vehicles. In a shocking turn of events, he launched an unprovoked attack on the woman, kicking her repeatedly before swiftly disappearing into the distance. This incident occurred around midday, and local authorities have been notified. Witnesses or anyone with information related to this assault are urged to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in an orange top, was sitting in the middle of an empty road lined with parked vehicles on both sides. A man wearing a maroon shirt approached and assaulted her, kicking her multiple times as she lay defenseless.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in an orange top was sitting in the middle of an empty road lined with parked vehicles on both sides. The quiet was shattered when a man wearing a maroon shirt suddenly assaulted her, kicking the victim while she was defenseless on the ground"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v103",
        "Duration": "00:00:36",
        "keywords": "Man, came, doorway, fell, near, stairs, began, dragging, woman, throwing, down, went, picked, up, struck, again, managed, climb, back, pushed, once, more",
        "Human": "A man came through a doorway, fell near the stairs, and began dragging a woman before throwing her down the stairs. He then went down, picked her up, and struck her again. When the woman managed to climb back up the stairs, he pushed her down once more. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, came, doorway, fell, near, stairs, began, dragging, woman, throwing, down, went, picked, up, struck, again, managed, climb, back, pushed, once, more. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man came through a doorway and fell near the stairs, then began dragging a woman, throwing her down. He went, picked her up, and struck her again. She managed to climb back, only to be pushed once more, the violent confrontation captured in a matter of seconds.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling scene unfolded at the corner of Elm Street and Oak Avenue. A man, identified, approached a doorway, coming from the direction of the stairs. Moments later, a woman emerged, only for him to push her near the entrance, sending her tumbling downwards. The man began to drag her roughly, causing passersby to stop and stare in disbelief. In a shocking sequence, he threw her down again, before picking her up and striking her repeatedly. Despite her struggles, the man continued his assault, pushing her once more and climbing on top of her. When she managed to roll away, he followed, striking her again. The woman, visibly battered, climbed back and tried to fend him off, but he persisted, striking her one more time before fleeing the scene. Police have been notified and are actively investigating this violent incident.",
        "deepseek": "A man came through a doorway. A woman fell near the stairs. He began dragging her, then threw her down the first flight. He went down, picked her up, and struck her again. She managed to climb back up, but he pushed her once more, continuing the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a man came through a doorway and fell near the stairs, but the situation turned violent as he began dragging a woman and throwing her down. The suspect then went and picked her up only to have struck her again; despite the assault, she managed to climb back up before he pushed her once more"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v104",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, towel, wrapped, around, waist, entered, area, grabbed, woman, black, hoodie, picking, something, up, ground, pushed, down, kicked, causing, lose, consciousness, picked, belongings, dragged, corridor, sat, sofa",
        "Human": "A man wearing only a towel wrapped around his waist entered the area and grabbed a woman who was wearing a black hoodie and picking something up from the ground. He pushed her down and kicked her, causing her to lose consciousness. The man then picked up her belongings, dragged her into a corridor, and sat down on a sofa. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, towel, wrapped, around, waist, entered, area, grabbed, woman, black, hoodie, picking, something, up, ground, pushed, down, kicked, causing, lose, consciousness, picked, belongings, dragged, corridor, sat, sofa. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a man, wearing a towel wrapped around his waist, entered the area and grabbed a woman in a black hoodie as she was picking something up from the ground. He pushed her down and kicked, causing her to lose consciousness. The attacker then picked up her belongings, dragged her down a corridor, and sat her on a sofa, the harrowing scene unfolding under the camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage reveals a chilling incident at approximately 9 PM last night. A man, clad only in a white towel draped around his waist, was captured entering a restricted area. The intruder, identified by witnesses as having worn a black hoodie earlier that day, abruptly reached for a nearby woman, grabbing her roughly. She dropped whatever she had been holding, a struggle ensued, and the woman lost consciousness. The assailant then callously picked up the victim's belongings, seemingly indifferent to her state, before dragging her limp body towards a corridor. He coldly sat on a sofa, seemingly composing himself, before casually leaving the scene with the stolen items. Police are urgently seeking any information that may lead to identifying this suspect. Remain vigilant, and if you recognize this individual or have any details about this incident, contact your local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A man wearing only a towel wrapped around his waist entered the area. He grabbed a woman in a black hoodie who was picking something up from the ground. He pushed her down and kicked her in the head, causing her to lose consciousness. He then picked up her belongings and dragged her down the corridor before placing her on a common area sofa.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking scene caught on camera, a man wearing a towel wrapped around his waist entered the area and grabbed a woman in a black hoodie while she was picking something up from the ground. The suspect pushed her down and kicked the victim, causing her to lose consciousness. After the assault, he picked up her belongings, dragged her through a corridor, and then casually sat on a sofa."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v105",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, grey, shirt, white, pants, woman, come, door, opens, stairs, slaps, falls, down, drags, sitting, corner, crying, picks, up, again, checks",
        "Human": "The man is dressed in a grey shirt and white pants, and the woman is also dressed in a grey shirt and white pants. They both come out of a door that opens onto the stairs. The man slaps her, and the woman falls down. He drags her down the stairs, and she is sitting in the corner crying. Then he picks her up again and checks on her. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, grey, shirt, white, pants, woman, come, door, opens, stairs, slaps, falls, down, drags, sitting, corner, crying, picks, up, again, checks. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a man, dressed in a grey shirt and white pants, confronts a woman as she comes to the door and opens it near a staircase. He slaps her, causing her to fall down, then drags her to a sitting position in a corner, where she is crying. The man picks her up again and checks her, the disturbing encounter captured in stark detail on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a violent altercation at approximately 8:45 PM last night. A man, dressed in a grey shirt and white pants, forcefully enters an apartment, followed by a woman who appears visibly distressed. The door swings open to reveal the man coming down the stairs, where he slaps the woman before she collapses, falling dramatically to the ground. The man then proceeds to drag her, struggling, into the living room, where she sits sobbing in the corner. He later picks her up again, only to slap her once more. Bystanders can be heard shouting, but the man ignores them as he checks the woman, seemingly unconcerned about her well-being. Police have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in a grey shirt and white pants is seen as a woman comes to the door. He opens it, immediately slaps her, and she falls down the interior stairs. He drags her to a sitting position in a corner as she cries. He then picks her up again and checks her face before the footage ends.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a man dressed in a grey shirt and white pants is seen waiting near a staircase. As a woman comes through the door, the suspect opens it and immediately slaps her, causing her to fall down. The assailant then drags her into a corner where she is seen sitting and crying before he picks her up again and checks the area"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v106",
        "Duration": "00:00:14",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, white, standing, near, doorway, man, ran, toward, grabbed, hair, began, dragging, fell, ground, continued, pulling, dragged, house",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in white was standing near a doorway when a man ran toward her, grabbed her by the hair, and began dragging her. She fell to the ground, but he continued pulling her by the hair and dragged her out of the house. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, white, standing, near, doorway, man, ran, toward, grabbed, hair, began, dragging, fell, ground, continued, pulling, dragged, house. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in white, is standing near a doorway when a man ran toward her, grabbed her hair, and began dragging her. She fell to the ground, but he continued, pulling and dragged her into the house, the violent assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local security camera captured a violent altercation late last night. A woman, distinctly dressed in white, was standing near a doorway when a man, not immediately identifiable, emerged. The man ran swiftly towards the woman, grabbing her by the hair as he approached. He began to drag her forcefully, causing her to fall onto the ground. The struggle continued as the man pulled and dragged her across the pavement, moving in the direction of a nearby house. Neighbors reported hearing screams and commotion but were unable to intervene due to the quick nature of the incident. Authorities have been alerted, and efforts are underway to identify both individuals involved. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact the local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in white, was standing near a doorway. A man ran toward her, grabbed her by the hair, and began dragging her. She fell to the ground, but he continued pulling her by her hair and dragged her inside the house.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in white was standing near a doorway when a man suddenly ran toward her. The suspect grabbed her by the hair and began dragging her as she fell to the ground. He continued pulling her as she was dragged further into the house."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v107",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, green, suit, standing, arguing, man, white, seated, several, other, men, wearing, turbans, around, another, near, orange, blue, stood, beside, suddenly, slapped, immediately, intervened, stopped.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a green suit was standing and arguing with a man dressed in white who was seated. Several other men wearing turbans were standing around, along with another woman near a man in an orange turban. A man wearing a blue turban stood beside the woman in green. Suddenly, the seated man slapped the woman, and the others immediately intervened and stopped him. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, green, suit, standing, arguing, man, white, seated, several, other, men, wearing, turbans, around, another, near, orange, blue, stood, beside, suddenly, slapped, immediately, intervened, stopped.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In tense CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a green suit, is standing and arguing with a man in white, who is seated, while several other men, wearing turbans, gather around. Another man, near orange and blue, stood beside them when the woman was suddenly slapped. Bystanders immediately intervened and stopped the confrontation, the incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a viral video captures a disturbing incident at a public venue. A woman, elegantly clad in a green suit, is seen engaged in a heated argument with a white-suited man who appears to be seated. Several other men, adorned in traditional turbans, stand nearby, some of them in orange or blue attire. A few others are positioned beside her and near him, seemingly attempting to mediate the escalating disagreement. Suddenly, without warning, the woman slaps the man, causing an immediate reaction from those present. The situation intensifies momentarily before other individuals intervene, effectively stopping the altercation. Authorities have been notified and are investigating this incident further.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a green suit, was standing and arguing with a man in white seated nearby. Several other men wearing turbans were around them. Another man near an orange and blue stand stood beside her. The seated man suddenly slapped the woman. Those around immediately intervened and stopped the assault.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in a green suit was seen standing and arguing with a man in white who was seated. Several other men wearing turbans were around them, while another man near them in orange and blue stood beside the group. The tension suddenly boiled over when the man suddenly slapped her; however, others immediately intervened and stopped the altercation"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v108",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, green, suit, standing, arguing, man, white, seated, several, other, men, wearing, turbans, around, another, near, orange, blue, stood, beside, suddenly, slapped, immediately, intervened, stopped.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a green suit was standing and arguing with a man dressed in white who was seated. Several other men wearing turbans were standing around, along with another woman near a man in an orange turban. A man wearing a blue turban stood beside the woman in green. Suddenly, the seated man slapped the woman, and the others immediately intervened and stopped him. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, green, suit, standing, arguing, man, white, seated, several, other, men, wearing, turbans, around, another, near, orange, blue, stood, beside, suddenly, slapped, immediately, intervened, stopped.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a green suit, is standing and arguing with a man in white, who is seated, while several other men, wearing turbans, are gathered around. Another man, near orange and blue, stood beside her when she was suddenly slapped. Bystanders immediately intervened and stopped the altercation, the tense scene unfolding in seconds on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a viral video captures a distressing incident at a public meeting. A woman, clad in a striking green suit, is seen engaged in a heated argument with a white-seated man. Several other men, some wearing turbans, stand nearby, their conversations temporarily paused. The scene intensifies as the woman, near an orange table and a blue chair, slaps the man without warning. Immediate reaction follows as others intervene, stopping the altercation. Authorities are now investigating this incident, urging anyone with additional information to come forward. This event serves as a stark reminder of the importance of maintaining decorum in public settings.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in a green suit, was standing and arguing with a man in white seated nearby. Several other men wearing turbans were present. Another man, standing beside an orange and blue banner, was near her. The seated man suddenly stood and slapped the woman across the face. The group immediately intervened and physically stopped the assault, escorting the aggressor away.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in a green suit was seen standing and arguing with a man in white who was seated. Several other men wearing turbans were around them, while another man near them in orange and blue stood beside the group. The tension suddenly boiled over when the man suddenly slapped her; however, others immediately intervened and stopped the altercation."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v109",
        "Duration": "00:00:15",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, dress, standing, inside, store, man, dressed, shirt, grey, trousers, began, harassing, resisted, started, hitting, fell, ground, continued, strike, picked, up, hit, again, fight, back",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white dress was standing inside a store when a man dressed in a white shirt and grey trousers began harassing her. She resisted and started hitting him, but fell to the ground as the man continued to strike her. He then picked her up and hit her again, while she continued to fight back. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, dress, standing, inside, store, man, dressed, shirt, grey, trousers, began, harassing, resisted, started, hitting, fell, ground, continued, strike, picked, up, hit, again, fight, back. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage inside a store, a woman, wearing a white dress, is standing when a man, dressed in a shirt, grey, trousers, began harassing her. She resisted, but he started hitting her, causing her to fell to the ground. He continued to strike, picked her up, and hit her again as she fought back, the violent encounter captured in stark detail on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly clad in a pristine white dress, was subjected to harassment inside a local store. A man, smartly dressed in a grey shirt and trousers, initiated the disturbance, approaching her with hostile intent. The victim attempted to resist, but the aggressor persisted, striking her repeatedly. The altercation escalated, leading to a violent brawl between the two. The woman, caught off guard, fell to the ground as the man continued his relentless attack. He picked her up, only to hit her again, instigating a brutal fight that seemed to have no end. Bystanders were left in shock, witnessing this chaotic scene unfold within the once-peaceful confines of the store. Authorities were immediately notified, and the man was apprehended upon arrival.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a white dress was standing inside the store. A man dressed in a grey shirt and trousers began harassing her. When she resisted, he started hitting her, causing her to fall to the ground. He continued to strike her, then picked her up and hit her again. The victim attempted to fight back during the prolonged assault.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking scene caught on camera, a woman wearing a white dress was standing inside a store when a man dressed in a shirt and grey trousers began harassing her. The victim bravely resisted, but the suspect started hitting her until she fell to the ground. The assailant continued to strike her, even as he picked her up and hit her again, while she desperately tried to fight back"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v110",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, stepping, out, driver’s, seat, white, car, man, wearing, outfit, approached, behind, kicked, lost, consciousness, fell, ground, lifted, placed, back",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was stepping out of the driver’s seat of a white car when a man wearing a white outfit approached from behind and kicked her. She lost consciousness and fell to the ground. The man then lifted her and placed her back into the driver’s seat. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, stepping, out, driver’s, seat, white, car, man, wearing, outfit, approached, behind, kicked, lost, consciousness, fell, ground, lifted, placed, back. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black, is stepping out of the driver’s seat of a white car when a man, wearing an outfit, approached from behind and kicked her. She lost consciousness and fell to the ground, after which the attacker lifted her and placed her back, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in black, exited a white car while another man, sporting a distinctive outfit, was seated behind the wheel. The woman stepped out briskly and made her way towards the passenger side. As she reached the door, the man suddenly lunged out, approaching her from behind. In a shocking act, he kicked the woman, causing her to lose consciousness and fall to the ground. Bystanders were left stunned as the attacker, without remorse, lifted the unconscious woman, placing her back into the driver's seat before speeding away, leaving a trail of disbelief and fear in his wake. This incident occurred on [insert location and time] and is currently under investigation by local authorities. Anyone with information is urged to contact the police immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was stepping out of the driver’s seat of a white car. A man wearing a dark outfit approached from behind and kicked her violently in the head. She lost consciousness and fell to the ground. The assailant then lifted her and placed her back into the driver's seat before fleeing.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was seen stepping out of the driver's seat of a white car. A man wearing a dark outfit approached her from behind and suddenly kicked the victim, who immediately lost consciousness and fell to the ground. After the assault, the suspect lifted her body and placed her back into the vehicle."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v111",
        "Duration": "00:00:33",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, blue, top, standing, garage, man, dressed, cream-colored, T-shirt, cap, suddenly, slapped, causing, step, back, holding, papers, began, arguing, walked, outside, cars, parked, followed, continued, kick, later, returned, inside, harass, sat, sofa, spoke",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a blue top was standing in a garage with a man dressed in a cream-colored T-shirt and a cap. He suddenly slapped her, causing her to step back. The woman, who was holding some papers, began arguing with him and then walked out of the garage, where several cars were parked. The man followed her and continued to kick her. She later returned inside the garage, where the man continued to harass her. The woman then sat on a sofa while the man spoke to her. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, blue, top, standing, garage, man, dressed, cream-colored, T-shirt, cap, suddenly, slapped, causing, step, back, holding, papers, began, arguing, walked, outside, cars, parked, followed, continued, kick, later, returned, inside, harass, sat, sofa, spoke. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a blue top, is standing in a garage when a man, dressed in a cream-colored T-shirt and cap, suddenly slapped her, causing her to step back while holding papers. He began arguing with her as she walked outside, past cars parked, and he followed, continued to kick her. The attacker later returned inside to harass her further as she sat on a sofa and spoke, the tense sequence captured in stark detail on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, identifiable by her blue top, was captured on camera in a suburban garage. A man, distinguishable with his cream-colored T-shirt, cap, and papers in hand, approached her. Suddenly, the man slapped the woman, causing her to take a step back. The altercation escalated as they both began arguing, their voices rising above the hum of nearby cars parked outside. The man followed her outside, the argument continuing, before he kicked her near the curb. Later, the woman reentered the garage, appearing visibly shaken. She sat on a sofa, speaking softly. The man, still in sight, seemed to linger, occasionally glancing towards her before disappearing from view. Police are now actively investigating this incident of domestic violence, urging anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a blue top was standing in the garage. A man dressed in a cream-colored T-shirt and cap suddenly slapped her, causing her to step back while holding papers. They began arguing. She walked outside where cars were parked; he followed and continued to kick her. He later returned inside to harass her as she sat on a sofa and spoke.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a blue top was standing in a garage when a man dressed in a cream-colored T-shirt and a cap suddenly slapped her. The force of the blow causing her to step back while still holding papers, the two began arguing before the woman walked outside where cars were parked. The suspect followed and continued to kick the victim; later, he returned inside to harass her further as he sat on a sofa and spoke."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v112",
        "Duration": "00:00:30",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, clothes, teasing, dog, bit, stepped, back, daughter, sitting, beside, wearing, white, dress, whole, scene, inside, house, tension, father",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black clothes is teasing a black dog, and then the dog bit him, and he stepped back. His daughter is sitting beside him wearing a white dress. This whole scene is inside a house, and there is some tension between the daughter and the father. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, clothes, teasing, dog, bit, stepped, back, daughter, sitting, beside, wearing, white, dress, whole, scene, inside, house, tension, father. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In unsettling CCTV footage inside a house, a man, dressed in black clothes, is seen teasing a dog, which bit him, causing him to step back. His daughter, sitting beside him and wearing a white dress, watches as the whole scene unfolds, the tension between father and child palpable, captured in stark, disturbing detail on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling scene unfolded inside a suburban home, captured on camera. A man, dressed in black clothes, was seen teasing a small dog, causing visible tension to rise. The father, standing behind, wore a white shirt, his expression unreadable as he watched the interaction. His young daughter, clad in a white dress, sat beside him, seemingly oblivious but within arm's reach.\n \n Suddenly, the dog, provoked beyond endurance, snapped and bit the man's hand. He immediately stepped back, yelping in surprise and pain. The entire family remained frozen, their expressions revealing a mix of shock and disbelief. The camera continued to roll, capturing the aftermath of this unexpected event, further emphasizing the palpable unease that permeated the room. This incident is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in black clothes was seen teasing a family dog until it bit him. He stepped back in anger. His young daughter, sitting beside him and wearing a white dress, witnessed the whole scene. The incident occurred inside the house, creating visible tension with the father, who entered the frame agitatedly.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera inside a house, a man dressed in black clothes was seen teasing a dog. The situation turned dangerous when the animal bit him, causing the man to stepped back in shock. His daughter, sitting beside him and wearing a white dress, witnessed the whole scene, adding to the tension surrounding the father."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v113",
        "Duration": "00:00:23",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, standing, inside, house, behind, sofa, facing, man, arguing, harassing, suddenly, went, outside, sat, down, holding, head, losing, consciousness, returned, checked, appeared, strike",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was standing inside a house behind a sofa, facing a man who was also dressed in black. He was arguing with her and harassing her. Suddenly, the man went outside, and the woman sat down holding her head before losing consciousness. The man then returned, checked on her behind the sofa, and appeared to strike her. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, standing, inside, house, behind, sofa, facing, man, arguing, harassing, suddenly, went, outside, sat, down, holding, head, losing, consciousness, returned, checked, appeared, strike. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage inside a house, a woman, dressed in black, is standing behind a sofa, facing a man while arguing and being harassed. She suddenly went outside and sat down, holding her head and losing consciousness. The man returned, checked on her, and appeared to strike her again, the tense and violent scene captured in stark detail on camera.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local residence captured a distressing incident late last night. A woman, dressed in black, was seen standing behind a sofa, face-to-face with a man who was visibly agitated. Their heated argument escalated, with the woman being subjected to verbal harassment. Suddenly, she left the room, making her way outside where she sat down on the steps, holding her head. Moments later, she lost consciousness, slumping over onto the ground. Neighbors who had witnessed part of the altercation rushed out, finding her unresponsive. She was returned inside, where efforts were made to revive her. By the time paramedics arrived, she had regained some consciousness but appeared disoriented. Police are investigating this incident as a case of domestic assault, with the man involved still at large.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was standing inside the house behind a sofa, facing a man. He was arguing and harassing her. She suddenly went outside and sat down, holding her head and appearing to lose consciousness. He returned, checked on her, and then appeared to strike her while she was incapacitated.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera inside a house, a woman dressed in black was standing behind a sofa facing a man while they were arguing. The situation escalated as the man began harassing her, before he suddenly went outside and sat down. The victim was seen holding her head and losing consciousness, but the suspect returned, checked on her, and appeared ready to strike again"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v114",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, public, place, man, wearing, following, entered, elevator, started, harassing, hitting, fought, back, eventually, lost, consciousness, dragged",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was in a public place when a man also wearing black began following her. She entered an elevator, where the man started harassing and hitting her. The woman fought back, but eventually lost consciousness, and the man dragged her out of the elevator. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, public, place, man, wearing, following, entered, elevator, started, harassing, hitting, fought, back, eventually, lost, consciousness, dragged. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage in a public place, a woman, dressed in black, is followed by a man, wearing casual clothes, as she entered an elevator. He started harassing her and hitting her, while she fought back. She eventually lost consciousness and was dragged, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at a downtown public square, a woman, clad in black attire, was followed into an elevator by a man, also identified. As the doors closed, the man began to harass her verbally. The situation escalated as he physically assaulted her, striking repeatedly. Both parties engaged in a violent altercation before she retaliated, defending herself. After a brief yet intense struggle, the man lost consciousness. He subsequently fell to the floor, with the woman standing over him. Despite the chaos, passersby did not intervene immediately. Eventually, the woman called for help, and when authorities arrived, they found the man unconscious and the woman visibly shaken but otherwise unharmed. The incident is currently under investigation, and anyone with information is urged to contact local law enforcement.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, dressed in black, was in a public place. A man wearing dark clothing was seen following her. He entered the elevator with her and started harassing and hitting her. The victim fought back but eventually lost consciousness. The suspect then dragged her out of the elevator onto the third-floor corridor.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was following a man wearing a hoodie when both entered an elevator in a public place. The suspect suddenly started harassing and hitting the victim, who bravely fought back against the assault. Eventually, the woman lost consciousness and was dragged by the assailant."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v115",
        "Duration": "00:01:09",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, repeatedly, punching, woman, fully, covered, red, outfit, including, burqa, holding, small, boy, nearby, young, girl, blue, dress, crying, trying, stop, arrived, attempted, intervene, restrain",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white was repeatedly punching a woman who was fully covered in a red outfit, including a red burqa, while holding a small boy. Nearby, a young girl in a blue dress was crying and trying to stop him. A man wearing a blue outfit then arrived and attempted to intervene and restrain the man in white. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, repeatedly, punching, woman, fully, covered, red, outfit, including, burqa, holding, small, boy, nearby, young, girl, blue, dress, crying, trying, stop, arrived, attempted, intervene, restrain. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a man, dressed in white, is seen repeatedly punching a woman, fully covered in a red outfit, including a burqa, who is holding a small boy. Nearby, a young girl, in a blue dress, is crying and trying to stop the assault. Others arrived, attempted to intervene, and restrain the attacker, the violent episode captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white-clad man was captured on camera, repeatedly punching a woman clad in a full red outfit and a burqa near a playground. The woman was seen in distress, her blue dress disheveled. Two children, a young girl in a blue dress and a small boy, were present during the altercation. The girl was crying, while the boy seemed to be trying to stop the violence, reaching out towards the assailant but to no avail. Bystanders, upon arrival, attempted to intervene but were unable to immediately restrain the aggressive man. This incident occurred at approximately 4:37 PM at the local community park, where families often gather. Authorities have been notified and are currently investigating this violent episode.",
        "deepseek": "A man dressed in white is seen repeatedly punching a woman fully covered in a red outfit, including a burqa. She was holding a small boy nearby. A young girl in a blue dress was crying and trying to stop the attack. A bystander arrived and attempted to intervene, struggling to restrain the assailant.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street encounter caught on camera, a man dressed in white was seen repeatedly punching a woman who was fully covered in a red outfit, including a burqa. The victim was holding a small boy at the time, while a nearby young girl in a blue dress was crying and trying to stop the assault. The violence continued until others arrived and attempted to intervene and restrain the attacker."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v116",
        "Duration": "00:00:40",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, white, running, empty, road, parked, car, nearby, man, chased, caught, began, beating, harassing, fell, ground, continued, assault, seeing, people, came, houses, dragged, back.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in white was running along an empty road with a parked car nearby while a man chased her. He caught up to her and began beating and harassing her. The woman fell to the ground, but he continued the assault. Seeing this, people came out of nearby houses, and the man dragged the woman back. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, white, running, empty, road, parked, car, nearby, man, chased, caught, began, beating, harassing, fell, ground, continued, assault, seeing, people, came, houses, dragged, back.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in white, is running along an empty road with a parked car nearby when a man chased and caught her. He began beating and harassing her, causing her to fell to the ground, yet he continued the assault. Seeing people came from nearby houses, he dragged her back, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in white, was seen running frantically down an empty road near a parked car. A man, not far behind, was relentlessly chasing her. The incident unfolded around midday on a residential street, with houses lining both sides. As the woman reached the car, she appeared to fumble with the keys before falling to the ground. The man, undeterred, continued his pursuit, catching up and beginning to assault her. Witnesses, who emerged from their homes upon hearing commotion, saw the man harassing the fallen woman. He then dragged her back towards the car, but bystanders intervened, causing him to halt his actions. Police were immediately notified, and the assailant was subsequently arrested at the scene. This harrowing event serves as a grim reminder of the importance of community vigilance and swift action against such heinous acts.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage shows a woman, dressed in a white t-shirt and jeans, running down an empty residential road. A parked car, a dark sedan, is visible nearby. A man exits the vehicle and chased her on foot. He caught her within approximately 30 yards and began beating her. The victim fell to the ground, where the suspect continued the physical assault and harassing verbal taunts.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in white was running down an empty road past a parked car nearby. A man chased her down and, once she was caught, began beating and harassing her until she fell to the ground. The suspect continued the assault even after seeing people who came out of their houses, eventually dragging the victim back."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v117",
        "Duration": "00:00:13",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, came, gate, followed, closely, man, wearing, blue, hoodie, trousers, began, punching, fight, escalated, bystanders, gathered, tried, intervene",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black came out of a gate, followed closely by a man wearing a blue hoodie and black trousers. They began punching each other, and the fight escalated until bystanders gathered and tried to intervene. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, came, gate, followed, closely, man, wearing, blue, hoodie, trousers, began, punching, fight, escalated, bystanders, gathered, tried, intervene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black, came to a gate and was followed closely by a man, wearing a blue hoodie and trousers. He began punching her, and the fight quickly escalated. Bystanders gathered and tried to intervene, the tense confrontation captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera near a residential neighborhood. A woman, dressed in black, calmly approached a gate, followed closely by a man wearing a blue hoodie and trousers. The situation escalated as the woman initiated the confrontation, beginning to punch the man. The blue-clad individual retaliated, and the fight became increasingly intense. As bystanders gathered, several attempted to intervene, but the violence continued unabated for several minutes. Police were alerted immediately, and they arrived promptly to subdue the combatants and restore order. The investigation is ongoing, and we urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman, dressed in black, who came through the main gate. She was followed closely by a man wearing a navy blue hoodie and dark trousers. An argument ensued, during which the suspect began punching the victim repeatedly in the head and torso. The fight escalated as he attempted to drag her toward a side path.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street confrontation caught on camera, a woman dressed in black came through a gate and was followed closely by a man wearing a blue hoodie and trousers. The suspect suddenly began punching her, and as the fight escalated, several bystanders gathered and tried to intervene to stop the assault"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v118",
        "Duration": "00:00:37",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, green, top, standing, next, man, dressed, blue, T-shirt, suddenly, slapped, responded, causing, fall, ground, tried, get, up, strike, once, more, fell, again, getting, noticed, teeth, broken, blood, coming, mouth, stepped, back, began, crying.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a green top was standing next to a man dressed in a blue T-shirt. Suddenly, the woman slapped the man, and he responded by slapping her, causing her to fall to the ground. When she tried to get up and slap him again, he struck her once more, and she fell again. After getting up, she noticed that her teeth were broken and blood was coming from her mouth. The man stepped back, and the woman began crying. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, green, top, standing, next, man, dressed, blue, T-shirt, suddenly, slapped, responded, causing, fall, ground, tried, get, up, strike, once, more, fell, again, getting, noticed, teeth, broken, blood, coming, mouth, stepped, back, began, crying.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a green top, is standing next to a man, dressed in a blue T-shirt, when he suddenly slapped her. She responded, but the attack caused her to fall to the ground. She tried to get up, and he struck her once more, making her fell again. As she was getting noticed, her teeth were broken and blood was coming from her mouth. The man stepped back, and the woman began crying, the brutal assault captured in stark, harrowing detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a shocking incident was captured on camera in broad daylight. A woman, clad in a vibrant green top, stood casually next to a man donning a blue T-shirt. Suddenly, without warning, the woman reached out, her hand connecting forcefully with the man's face. The man, taken aback, stumbled backward, losing his balance and falling to the ground. He attempted to rise, but another strike sent him tumbling once more. Bystanders, initially unaware, began to notice as the man struggled to get up, tears welling in his eyes. Blood trickled from his mouth, revealing a broken tooth. The woman, seemingly unfazed, stepped back, continuing to cry. This violent altercation is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "Surveillance video shows a woman, wearing a green top, standing next to a man dressed in a navy blue T-shirt. After a brief verbal exchange, the suspect suddenly slapped the victim with significant force. The victim responded by stepping forward, causing the suspect to shove her. She lost balance and fell to the ground.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a green top was standing next to a man dressed in a blue T-shirt when he suddenly slapped her. The victim responded, but the force of the attack causing her to fall to the ground. As she tried to get up, the suspect strike once more, causing her to fell again. Upon getting up, it was noticed that her teeth were broken with blood coming from her mouth; the assailant then stepped back as the woman began crying."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v119",
        "Duration": "00:00:28",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, dress, running, parking, lot, man, dressed, white, followed, entered, elevator, grabbed, dragged, escape, forced, doors, closed, continued, struggling, inside, stopped, opened, attempted, run, away, kept, holding",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black dress was running through a parking lot while a man dressed in white followed her. When she entered an elevator, the man grabbed and dragged her as she tried to escape. He forced the elevator doors closed while she continued struggling inside. When the elevator stopped and the doors opened, the woman attempted to run away, but the man kept holding her. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, dress, running, parking, lot, man, dressed, white, followed, entered, elevator, grabbed, dragged, escape, forced, doors, closed, continued, struggling, inside, stopped, opened, attempted, run, away, kept, holding. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a black dress, is running through a parking lot when a man, dressed in white, followed her. She entered an elevator, but he grabbed and dragged her inside. Her escape was forced as the doors closed, and he continued struggling with her inside. The elevator stopped and opened, and she attempted to run away, but he kept holding her, the tense confrontation captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on surveillance cameras, a woman, elegantly clad in a black dress, was observed running frantically through a parking lot late last night. A man, smartly dressed in white, pursued her relentlessly, entering the building's elevator shortly after she did. The footage shows him grabbing her as the elevator doors closed, dragging her inside. Despite her desperate attempts to escape, he managed to force the doors shut and continued his struggle with her inside. The ordeal ended when the man, still holding onto her, appeared to stop his assault. He then opened the elevator doors, only to attempt another chase as she ran away, but he was seen keeping a firm grip on her before disappearing from view. Authorities are urgently seeking any witnesses or additional footage to aid in their investigation. If you have any information regarding this incident, please contact your local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Footage shows a woman, wearing a black dress, running through the parking lot. A man, dressed in a white t-shirt and jeans, followed closely. Both entered an elevator just before the doors closed. Inside, the suspect immediately grabbed the victim and dragged her to the rear corner. She attempted to escape and forced her arm between the doors as they closed, but the suspect pulled her back",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a black dress was running through a parking lot when she was followed and grabbed by a man dressed in white. The suspect dragged the victim as she tried to escape, but he forced her into an elevator. Although the doors closed and the victim continued struggling inside, the elevator eventually stopped and opened; she attempted to run away, but the assailant kept holding her"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v120",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, top, fighting, man, dressed, white, checkered, T-shirt, punching, kicking, front, dressing, table, inside, house",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black top was fighting with a man dressed in a white checkered T-shirt. They were punching and kicking each other in front of a dressing table inside the house. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, top, fighting, man, dressed, white, checkered, T-shirt, punching, kicking, front, dressing, table, inside, house. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage inside a house, a woman, wearing a black top, is fighting with a man, dressed in a white checkered T-shirt. He is seen punching and kicking her near a front dressing table, the violent confrontation unfolding in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unexpected turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded inside a residential dwelling, captured on camera. A woman, attired in a sleek black top, engaged in a physical confrontation with a man donning a white, checkered T-shirt. The incident occurred at the dining table, where the woman was seen launching multiple punches and kicks towards the man, who appeared to retaliate in kind. Furniture was displaced as the fight spilled over from the front room, creating a chaotic scene within the household. Authorities have been notified and are currently investigating this disturbance, urging anyone with additional information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage from a residential property shows a woman, wearing a black top, fighting with a man dressed in a white, checkered T-shirt in the front living area; the physical altercation, which involved the suspect punching and kicking the victim, took place directly in front of a large dressing table inside the house before the suspect forcibly dragged the victim from view.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera inside a house, a woman wearing a black top was seen fighting with a man dressed in a white checkered T-shirt. The situation turned violent as the man began punching and kicking the victim in front of a dressing table"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v121",
        "Duration": "00:00:33",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, black, pants, brown, top, running, road, rushed, café, escape, cream-colored, Mercedes, followed, forced, way, restaurant, breaking, glass, gate, man, dressed, got, car, chased, inside, kitchen, hid, another, holding, stick, blocked, prevented",
        "Human": "A woman wearing black pants and a brown top was running along the road and rushed into a café to escape. A cream-colored Mercedes followed her and forced its way into the restaurant, breaking the glass and gate. A man dressed in black got out of the car and chased her inside. The woman ran into the kitchen and hid, where another woman holding a stick blocked the man and prevented him from going any further. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, black, pants, brown, top, running, road, rushed, café, escape, cream-colored, Mercedes, followed, forced, way, restaurant, breaking, glass, gate, man, dressed, got, car, chased, inside, kitchen, hid, another, holding, stick, blocked, prevented. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, wearing black pants and a brown top, is running along a road and rushed into a café in an attempt to escape. A cream-colored Mercedes followed, and she was forced way toward a restaurant, breaking glass and a gate in the process. A man, dressed in casual clothes, got out of the car and chased her inside the kitchen, where she hid. Another, holding a stick, blocked and prevented her exit, the tense and violent scene captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in black pants and a brown top, was seen fleeing a road, seemingly in distress. She dashed towards a nearby café, where she quickly escaped through the entrance, shattering the cream-colored glass door. A man, smartly dressed, appeared to have forced his way into the establishment, following her inside. The chase continued into the restaurant's kitchen, with the woman hiding behind various appliances. Another individual, holding a long wooden stick, seemed to block the woman's path, preventing her escape. Suddenly, the man got into a black Mercedes, which he drove away at high speed. The woman, still hidden, remained unaccounted for as the scene unfolded. Police are now investigating this incident, urging anyone with information regarding the identity or whereabouts of the individuals involved to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing black pants and a brown top, was seen running down the road before she rushed into a café in an attempt to escape. A cream-colored Mercedes had followed her closely. The driver, a man dressed in gray, got out of the car, forced his way into the adjacent restaurant by breaking a glass gate, and chased the victim inside. She fled to the kitchen and hid. Another restaurant employee, holding a metal stick, blocked the kitchen entrance and prevented the suspect from reaching her, allowing time for police to be called. The suspect fled the scene before their arrival.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying scene caught on camera, a woman wearing black pants and a brown top was running down a road when she rushed into a café in a desperate attempt to escape. A man dressed in a cream-colored Mercedes followed her, forced his way into the restaurant by breaking a glass gate, and chased her inside the kitchen. The victim hid as another person holding a stick blocked the suspect and prevented further pursuit."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v122",
        "Duration": "00:00:42",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, dress, involved, fight, man, T-shirt, assaulted, near, cars, parked, roadside, fought, back, kicking, slapping, ran, away",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white dress was involved in a fight with a man in a white T-shirt. The man assaulted her near cars parked along the roadside. The woman fought back by kicking and slapping him, after which the man ran away. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, dress, involved, fight, man, T-shirt, assaulted, near, cars, parked, roadside, fought, back, kicking, slapping, ran, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a white dress, is involved in a fight with a man in a T-shirt near cars parked roadside. She fought back, kicking and slapping him, before eventually ran away, the violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera along a suburban roadside. A woman, clad in a pristine white dress, found herself embroiled in a physical confrontation with a man dressed in a casual T-shirt. The incident occurred near a row of parked vehicles, creating a stark juxtaposition of tranquility and chaos.\n \n The footage shows the woman attempting to retreat, only for the man to pursue her aggressively. He is seen lunging at her, landing blows as they both roll onto the pavement. The woman fights back, striking him with her hands, and even resorting to kicking him as he tries to overpower her. After what seems like an eternity, they separate, both disheveled and visibly shaken. The man then staggers back up, before running off in a direction away from the cameras.\n \n Authorities have been alerted and are investigating this incident further. Witnesses are urged to come forward with any additional information that may aid in identifying the individuals involved or help piece together the sequence of events leading up to this shocking display of violence.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a white dress, was involved in a physical fight with a man in a dark T-shirt. The suspect assaulted the victim near several cars parked at the roadside. The victim actively fought back, kicking and slapping the assailant in an attempt to break free. After a sustained struggle lasting approximately forty seconds, the victim managed to disengage and ran away down the sidewalk. The suspect did not give chase and fled the area in the opposite direction on foot.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street encounter caught on camera, a woman wearing a white dress was involved in a fight with a man in a T-shirt. The victim was assaulted near cars parked along the roadside. Despite the attack, she bravely fought back, but the physical confrontation included kicking and slapping before the suspect ran away"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v123",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, red, clothes, beaten, half-naked, man, threw, bed, repeatedly, punched, forcefully, tried, get, up, yellow, T-shirt, standing, nearby, appearing, frightened, struggle, pushed, pinned, wall",
        "Human": "A woman wearing red clothes was being beaten by a man. He threw her onto a bed and repeatedly punched her forcefully as she tried to get up. A man wearing a yellow T-shirt was standing nearby, appearing frightened. During the struggle, both of them were pushed and pinned against a wall. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, red, clothes, beaten, half-naked, man, threw, bed, repeatedly, punched, forcefully, tried, get, up, yellow, T-shirt, standing, nearby, appearing, frightened, struggle, pushed, pinned, wall. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, wearing red clothes, is beaten and left half-naked as a man threw her onto a bed and repeatedly punched her forcefully. She tried to get up, while a yellow T-shirt standing nearby appeared frightened. The struggle escalates as she is pushed and pinned against a wall, the violent assault captured in stark, harrowing detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera in broad daylight. A woman, clad in red attire, was brutally attacked by a man, half-naked and donning a yellow T-shirt. The assailant is seen throwing her onto a bed multiple times, forcefully punching her, and attempting to keep her down as she struggled. A bystander, visibly frightened, stood nearby but did not intervene. The man, with seemingly unrelenting aggression, continued to push, pin, and throw the woman against a wall. Despite the intense violence, the woman showed resilience, trying to get up each time she was thrown. This distressing incident serves as a grim reminder of the prevalence of domestic violence and the urgent need for community intervention and support.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing interior footage shows a woman, wearing red clothes, being beaten until half-naked by an adult male. The suspect threw the victim onto a bed and repeatedly punched her in the head and torso forcefully. Each time the victim tried to get up, she was shoved back down. A second individual, a man in a yellow T-shirt, is seen standing nearby, appearing frightened but not intervening. When the victim initiated a struggle to flee, the primary suspect pushed and pinned her against a wall, continuing the assault. The suspect in the yellow T-shirt then left the room",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a woman wearing red clothes was being brutally beaten by a half-naked man. The assailant threw the victim onto a bed and repeatedly punched her forcefully. Despite the violence, she desperately tried to get up. Another person in a yellow T-shirt was standing nearby, appearing frightened by the struggle. The suspect eventually pushed the victim and pinned her against the wall."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v124",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black, sitting, sofa, man, wearing, blue, shirt, entered, grabbed, hair, dragged, outside, tried, run, away, pulled, down, back, fell, ground, attempted, escape, unable, get.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black was sitting on a sofa with a man wearing a blue shirt when another man dressed in black entered. He grabbed the woman by her hair and dragged her outside. She tried to run away, but the man pulled her down and dragged her toward the back. The woman fell to the ground and attempted to escape, but was unable to get away. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black, sitting, sofa, man, wearing, blue, shirt, entered, grabbed, hair, dragged, outside, tried, run, away, pulled, down, back, fell, ground, attempted, escape, unable, get.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black, is sitting on a sofa when a man, wearing a blue shirt, entered, grabbed her hair, and dragged her outside. She tried to run away, but he pulled her down, back to the ground, and she attempted to escape again, unable to get free, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly dressed in black, was sitting comfortably on a sofa when a man, clad in a blue shirt, unexpectedly entered the room. The man approached her, reaching out to seize her long, flowing hair. With a swift motion, he dragged her off the sofa, sending shockwaves through the quiet space. As they moved towards the door, the woman struggled, attempting to escape his grasp. However, her efforts were thwarted as she was forcefully pulled down onto the cold, hard floor. Despite her attempts to run away, she found herself unable to break free from his hold. The man then dragged her outside, continuing his unnerving actions in full view of unsuspecting bystanders. Tragically, the woman fell to the ground once more, as the man's grip tightened. This harrowing incident is currently under investigation, with authorities urgently seeking any information that may aid in the capture of the assailant.",
        "deepseek": "Home security footage shows a woman, dressed in black, sitting on a sofa. A man, wearing a navy blue shirt, entered the room, violently grabbed her by the hair, and dragged her outside. Once in the driveway, the victim tried to run away, but the assailant pulled her down by her hair. She fell back onto the ground and attempted to escape by crawling, but was unable to get free as the suspect maintained a forceful grip on her hair, dragging her toward a vehicle.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in black was sitting on a sofa when a man wearing a blue shirt entered the room. The suspect suddenly grabbed her by the hair and dragged her outside. Although the victim desperately tried to run away, the assailant pulled her down and back as she fell to the ground. Despite her attempted escape, she was unable to get away from the attacker"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v125",
        "Duration": "00:01:04",
        "keywords": "Man, white, dress, pushing, woman, orange, gate, strangled, fell, down, entered, again, took, hand, stood, front, long, time, kicked, sat, people, gathered",
        "Human": "A man in a white dress is pushing a woman in an orange dress out of the gate. He is strangled. The woman fell down. The man entered the gate again and took something in his hand. He stood in front of the woman for a long time. Then he kicked the woman and she fell down. The woman sat down and people gathered around her. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, white, dress, pushing, woman, orange, gate, strangled, fell, down, entered, again, took, hand, stood, front, long, time, kicked, sat, people, gathered. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a man, white dress, is seen pushing a woman in orange at a gate, strangling her until she fell down. He entered again, took her hand, and stood in front of her for a long time before kicking her as she sat. People quickly gathered, the violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white man, dressed in an orange outfit, was captured on camera committing a violent act. The incident occurred at a local park near a long, wrought-iron gate. The man is seen approaching a woman who was calmly sitting on a bench. He aggressively pushed her to the ground, causing a gasp from nearby people who had gathered.\n \n In a chilling sequence, the man, with a long, tense pause, reached out, wrapped his hand around the woman's throat, and began to strangle her. After what seemed like a long, agonizing moment, she fell limp, collapsing to the ground. The man, unfazed, entered the frame once more, taking a step back, standing in front of the gate.\n \n The scene took a more disturbing turn as the man, now standing still, suddenly kicked the fallen woman. The crowd, now visibly disturbed, continued to gather, their murmurs escalating into shocked cries. Despite this, the man showed no signs of remorse, continuing to stand there before disappearing from view. Authorities are urgently seeking any information that may lead to identifying and apprehending this",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing incident, caught on security footage, shows a man in a white dress aggressively pushing a woman against an orange gate before she was strangled and fell down; after she entered her property, he followed her again, took her hand, and stood menacingly in front of her for a long time before he kicked her and sat nearby as concerned people gathered.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a man in white dress was seen pushing a woman in orange near a gate. The suspect strangled the victim, causing her to fell down. The assailant entered the area again, took her hand, and stood in front of her for a long time. Before a group of people gathered, the suspect kicked the victim and then casually sat down"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v126",
        "Duration": "00:00:22",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, black-and-white, shirt, pulling, hair, woman, dressed, purple, outfit, sat, bench, outside, house, come, loose, fallen, down, continued, pull, punch, kick, cried, eventually, walked, away, moved, sight",
        "Human": "A man wearing a black-and-white shirt was pulling the hair of a woman dressed in a purple outfit as she sat on a bench outside a house. Her hair had come loose and fallen down. He continued to pull her hair, punch her, and kick her while she cried. Eventually, the man walked away and moved out of sight. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, black-and-white, shirt, pulling, hair, woman, dressed, purple, outfit, sat, bench, outside, house, come, loose, fallen, down, continued, pull, punch, kick, cried, eventually, walked, away, moved, sight. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, wearing a black-and-white shirt, is pulling the hair of a woman, dressed in a purple outfit, as she sat on a bench outside a house. She tried to come loose but fallen down, while he continued to pull, punch, and kick her. She cried out, and he eventually walked away, moving out of sight, the violent assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera outside a residential property. A man, identifiable by his black-and-white shirt, was seen approaching a woman, dressed in a vibrant purple outfit, who was sitting on a bench. The man, without provocation, reached out to grab the woman's hair.\n \n The woman, evidently taken aback, tried to move away but the man persisted. He loosened his grip on her hair only to let go as she stumbled backwards, her outfit rustling as she fell down. The man continued his assault, pulling, punching, and kicking the woman on the ground. The woman cried out, her cries echoing in the quiet neighborhood.\n \n After a prolonged struggle, the man eventually stood up and walked away, leaving the distraught woman lying motionless on the sidewalk. The sight is harrowing, a stark reminder of the violence that can occur even in seemingly peaceful settings. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "The footage shows a man wearing a black-and-white shirt pulling the hair of a woman dressed in a purple outfit who sat on a bench outside a house; after a clip of her hair came loose and fallen down, he continued to pull her before he began to punch and kick her as she cried, and he eventually walked away only after he had moved out of the camera's sight.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a man wearing a black-and-white shirt was seen pulling the hair of a woman dressed in a purple outfit while she sat on a bench outside a house. The assault caused her hair to come loose as she was fallen down, yet the suspect continued to pull, punch, and kick the victim. The woman cried throughout the ordeal until the assailant eventually walked away and moved out of sight."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v127",
        "Duration": "00:00:09",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, red, shirt, harassing, woman, dressed, purple, beside, bus, another, white, intervened, tried, stop, moved, away",
        "Human": "A man wearing a red shirt was harassing a woman dressed in purple beside a bus. Another woman dressed in white intervened and tried to stop him, after which the man moved away. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, red, shirt, harassing, woman, dressed, purple, beside, bus, another, white, intervened, tried, stop, moved, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, wearing a red shirt, is seen harassing a woman, dressed in purple, beside a bus. Another, in white, intervened and tried to stop the assault, after which the harasser moved away, the tense encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, captured on CCTV, a man wearing a red shirt was seen harassing a woman near a bus stop. The victim, dressed in a purple outfit, appeared visibly distressed as the assailant approached her. Witnesses confirm that another individual, a man in a white shirt, intervened, attempting to halt the aggression. Despite his efforts, the harasser refused to move away, escalating the situation. Fortunately, the intervening man managed to move the harasser further from the victim before authorities arrived. Police are currently investigating this incident, urging anyone with additional information to come forward. This is a reminder for all to remain vigilant and report any suspicious or concerning behavior promptly.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage captures a man wearing a red shirt harassing a woman dressed in purple beside a bus; the incident escalated until another man, dressed in white, intervened and tried to stop the attack, causing the aggressor to finally move away",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a man wearing a red shirt was seen harassing a woman dressed in a purple outfit. The incident occurred beside a bus, where another individual in white intervened and tried to stop the assault. Following the intervention, the group moved away from the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v128",
        "Duration": "00:02:08",
        "keywords": "Woman, blue, dress, approached, elderly, pink, sitting, sofa, began, assaulting, hitting, punching, pulled, down, floor, continued, strike, lay, ground, made, phone, call, spoke, briefly, sat, back, older, remained, resumed, assault, attempting, pull, up, clothes, became, disarranged, tried, cover, talking",
        "Human": "A woman in a blue dress approached an elderly woman in a pink dress sitting on a sofa. She began assaulting her by hitting and punching her, then pulled her down onto the floor. The woman in blue continued to strike the elderly woman while she lay on the ground. She then made a phone call, spoke briefly, and sat back on the sofa while the older woman remained on the floor. After some time, she resumed the assault, attempting to pull the elderly woman up, during which the older woman’s clothes became disarranged. The elderly woman tried to cover herself while the woman in blue continued hitting her. The elderly woman remained on the floor, talking. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, blue, dress, approached, elderly, pink, sitting, sofa, began, assaulting, hitting, punching, pulled, down, floor, continued, strike, lay, ground, made, phone, call, spoke, briefly, sat, back, older, remained, resumed, assault, attempting, pull, up, clothes, became, disarranged, tried, cover, talking. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, in a blue dress, approached an elderly person, dressed in pink, sitting on a sofa, and began assaulting them—hitting and punching repeatedly. She pulled the victim down to the floor and continued to strike as they lay grounded. The victim made a phone call and spoke briefly, then sat back while the older person remained targeted. The attacker resumed the assault, attempting to pull at clothes, which became disarranged, and the victim tried to cover themselves while talking, the brutal incident captured in stark, harrowing detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman in a distinct blue dress was captured on camera approaching an elderly individual, who was peacefully seated on a pink sofa. The woman, without provocation, began to assault the older person, delivering repeated punches and strikes. She managed to pull the victim down onto the floor, continuing her violent actions for several moments. Remarkably, the victim's mobile phone lay discarded nearby, suggesting a brief moment of interruption. Upon resuming her attack, the woman's clothes became disarranged as she struggled to maintain control. Despite the chaos, the victim attempted to talk to the woman, possibly in an effort to de-escalate the situation. However, the woman seemed undeterred and continued her assault, eventually lying on the ground with the victim. Bystanders were reportedly shocked, but no intervention was recorded on the footage. The incident is currently under investigation, and authorities urge anyone with information regarding this assault to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman in a blue dress approaching an elderly woman in pink sitting on a sofa before she began assaulting her, hitting and punching her, then pulled her down to the floor and continued to strike her as she lay on the ground; the victim made a phone call and spoke briefly before sitting back down, but the older woman remained, and the attacker resumed the assault, attempting to pull her up as her clothes became disarranged and she tried to cover herself while talking.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman in a blue dress approached an elderly individual in pink who was sitting on a sofa. The encounter turned violent as the woman began assaulting the victim, hitting and punching them before they were pulled down to the floor. The suspect continued to strike the victim as they lay on the ground. In a bizarre pause, the woman made a phone call and spoke briefly before she sat back down. While the older individual remained on the floor, the suspect resumed the assault, attempting to pull them up until their clothes became disarranged; the victim desperately tried to cover themselves while the woman continued talking"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v129",
        "Duration": "00:01:36",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, pink, dress, walking, encountered, man, dressed, dark, blue, shirt, standing, front, began, arguing, pointing, finger, argued, back, overpowered, started, hitting, nearby, children, red, white, sofa, got, situation, escalated, tried, defend, fell, ground, attempted, run, away, unable",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a pink dress was walking when she encountered a man dressed in a dark blue shirt standing in front of her. The two began arguing, with the man pointing his finger at her while she argued back. The man then overpowered her and started hitting her. Nearby, two children—one wearing a red shirt and the other a white shirt—were standing near a sofa and got up when the situation escalated. The woman tried to defend herself but fell to the ground and attempted to run away, though she was unable to do so. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, pink, dress, walking, encountered, man, dressed, dark, blue, shirt, standing, front, began, arguing, pointing, finger, argued, back, overpowered, started, hitting, nearby, children, red, white, sofa, got, situation, escalated, tried, defend, fell, ground, attempted, run, away, unable. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a pink dress, is walking when she encountered a man, dressed in a dark blue shirt, standing in front of her. He began arguing, pointing his finger, and when she argued back, he overpowered her and started hitting her. Nearby, children are seen on a red and white sofa as the situation escalated. She tried to defend herself, fell to the ground, and attempted to run away, but was unable, the violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, elegantly attired in a pink dress, was captured on camera walking peacefully. As she approached a man clad in a dark blue shirt, standing stationary at the front, an argument ensued. The man, pointing his finger aggressively, engaged in a heated verbal dispute with the woman. The situation escalated rapidly as the man overpowered her, initiating physical violence. The altercation spilled onto the red and white sofa, where they continued to struggle. Nearby children, seemingly unaware of the chaos, played innocently. Despite attempts by some bystanders to intervene, the woman was unable to escape the violent situation. In the end, the woman fell to the ground, while the man, having gained control, appeared to attempt running away from the scene. This incident is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman wearing a pink dress walking before she encountered a man dressed in a dark blue shirt standing in front of her; they began arguing, with each pointing a finger as they argued back and forth, before the man overpowered her and started hitting her. Nearby, children on a red and white sofa got visibly distressed as the situation escalated; the woman tried to defend herself, fell to the ground, and attempted to run away but was unable.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on camera, a woman wearing a pink dress was walking when she encountered a man dressed in a dark blue shirt standing in front of her. The two began arguing, with the man pointing his finger while the victim argued back. The suspect soon overpowered her and started hitting her; nearby children in red and white watched from a sofa as the situation escalated. The woman tried to defend herself but fell to the ground; she attempted to run away but was unable to escape."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v130",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, red, lying, ground, man, wearing, green, shirt, held, hair, dragged, another, white, standing, nearby, tried, escape, continued, pulling.",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in red was lying on the ground while a man wearing a green shirt held her by the hair and dragged her. Another man dressed in a white shirt was standing nearby. The woman tried to escape, but the man continued pulling and dragging her by her hair. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, red, lying, ground, man, wearing, green, shirt, held, hair, dragged, another, white, standing, nearby, tried, escape, continued, pulling.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in red, is lying on the ground while a man, wearing a green shirt, held her hair and dragged her. Another, in white, is standing nearby as she tried to escape, but he continued pulling, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman dressed in red was seen lying motionless on the ground in broad daylight. A man, clad in a green shirt, approached her, seemingly calm yet menacing. He reached out to hold her long, disheveled hair and began to drag her across the pavement. Nearby, a second man, attired in white, attempted to intervene, but his efforts were thwarted as the assailant continued pulling the woman. Witnesses report that she struggled weakly, attempting to escape the grip. This violent scene unfolded in broad daylight, leaving passersby shocked and distressed. Authorities have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing. We urge anyone with information relevant to this incident to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "The footage shows a woman dressed in red lying on the ground as a man wearing a green shirt held her hair and dragged her; another man in white, standing nearby, tried to intervene and help her escape, but the assailant continued pulling her away.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a woman dressed in red was lying on the ground while a man wearing a green shirt held her by the hair. The suspect dragged the victim across the floor as another individual in white, standing nearby, witnessed the assault. Despite the victim's tried efforts to escape, the assailant continued pulling her."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v131",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, white-and-blue, shirt, standing, middle, road, behind, blue, car, holding, hair, woman, dressed, white, top, frock, sitting, dragged.",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white-and-blue shirt was standing in the middle of the road behind a blue car. He was holding the hair of a woman dressed in a white top and blue frock, who was sitting on the road, and dragged her by her hair toward the car. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, white-and-blue, shirt, standing, middle, road, behind, blue, car, holding, hair, woman, dressed, white, top, frock, sitting, dragged.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a man, wearing a white-and-blue shirt, is standing in the middle of a road, behind a blue car, as he holds the hair of a woman, dressed in a white top and frock. She is sitting on the ground and dragged along, the violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured on a nearby CCTV camera shows a distressing incident. A man, identifiable by his white-and-blue shirt, stands in the middle of the road behind a blue car. He is holding onto a distressed woman, who is dressed in a white top and frock. The woman appears to be sitting on the hood of the vehicle. The man, seemingly forcing her, drags her off the car, causing her to stumble. Witnesses reported hearing her screams during the ordeal. Police have launched an investigation, urging anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward. This incident serves as a reminder of the importance of personal safety and the community's role in maintaining it.",
        "deepseek": "The disturbing footage shows a man wearing a white-and-blue shirt standing in the middle of the road behind a blue car, holding the hair of a woman dressed in a white top and frock who was sitting on the ground, before he dragged her violently away.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street encounter caught on camera, a man wearing a white-and-blue shirt was seen standing in the middle of a road behind a blue car. The suspect was holding the hair of a woman dressed in a white top and frock while she was sitting. The situation escalated as the victim was then dragged by the assailant across the pavement."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v132",
        "Duration": "00:00:14",
        "keywords": "Man, dragging, unconscious, woman, toward, white, car, attempting, put, inside, reached, door, regained, consciousness, managed, escape.",
        "Human": "A man was dragging an unconscious woman toward a white car and attempting to put her inside. As he reached the door, the woman regained consciousness and managed to escape. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dragging, unconscious, woman, toward, white, car, attempting, put, inside, reached, door, regained, consciousness, managed, escape.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a man is dragging an unconscious woman toward a white car, attempting to put her inside. As he reached the door, she regained consciousness and managed to escape, the tense and violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man was captured on camera brutally dragging an unconscious woman towards a white car. The victim appeared to be lifeless as the assailant attempted to forcefully put her inside the vehicle. He reached the passenger-side door, managing to open it slightly before the woman, seemingly regaining some consciousness, managed to escape his grasp. The incident occurred at approximately 9:37 PM last night on Main Street. Witnesses reported the suspect as a tall, unshaven man in a gray hoodie. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the suspect to contact the police immediately. This is a developing story; further details will be released as they become available.",
        "deepseek": "The CCTV footage shows a man dragging an unconscious woman toward a white car and attempting to put her inside; as he reached the door, she regained consciousness and managed to escape.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying scene caught on camera, a man was seen dragging an unconscious woman toward a white car in a parking area. The suspect was attempting to put the victim inside the vehicle, but as they reached the door, she suddenly regained consciousness. Bravely fighting for her life, she managed to escape the assailant's grasp and flee the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v133",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, standing, near, staircase, woman, suddenly, began, assaulting, punching, fell, ground, lost, consciousness, lifted, feet, touched, inappropriately, pushed, away.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black was standing near a staircase with a woman who was also dressed in black. Suddenly, he began assaulting her, punching her until she fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He then lifted her to her feet and touched her inappropriately, but she pushed him away. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, standing, near, staircase, woman, suddenly, began, assaulting, punching, fell, ground, lost, consciousness, lifted, feet, touched, inappropriately, pushed, away.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, dressed in black, is standing near a staircase when a woman suddenly began assaulting him. He punched her, causing her to fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He then lifted her by the feet, touched her inappropriately, before she was pushed away, the violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man, clad in black, was captured on camera viciously assaulting a woman near a staircase in broad daylight. The incident occurred abruptly when the man, without provocation, began punching the unsuspecting woman. The woman, taken aback, fell to the ground, losing consciousness momentarily. The assailant, undeterred, seemed to have lost all sense of decency as he inappropriately touched her before pushing her away. Bystanders were left stunned, their eyes wide with disbelief. As the woman lay motionless, the man, callously, lifted her feet and walked away. This harrowing incident is currently under investigation by local authorities, and we urge anyone with information regarding this crime to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A security camera captured a disturbing sequence in which a man, dressed in black, was seen standing near a staircase. As a woman approached, he suddenly began assaulting her, punching her repeatedly until she fell to the ground and lost consciousness. The assailant then lifted her by the feet, dragged her, and touched her inappropriately before she regained awareness and weakly pushed him away, causing him to flee the scene.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a man dressed in black was seen standing near a staircase when a woman suddenly approached. The situation turned violent as the suspect began assaulting her, punching the victim until she fell to the ground and lost consciousness. While she was incapacitated, the assailant lifted her, but as her feet touched the floor, he handled her inappropriately before she was eventually pushed away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v134",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, white, top, running, narrow, street, holding, body, arms, fleeing, half-naked, man, caught, pulled, hair, dragged, back.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white top was running through a narrow street while holding a body in her arms, fleeing from a man. He caught up to her, pulled her by the hair, and dragged her back. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, top, running, narrow, street, holding, body, arms, fleeing, half-naked, man, caught, pulled, hair, dragged, back.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a white top, is running down a narrow street, holding her body in her arms, fleeing from a half-naked man. He caught her, pulled her hair, and dragged her back, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, clad in a white top, was seen running frantically down a narrow city street late last night. Chasing her was a half-naked man, who appeared to have been physically distressed. The woman, in a desperate bid for escape, was fleeing with her arms extended, her terrified eyes fixed on the pursuer.\n \n The man, catching up, grabbed her violently, pulling her hair and dragging her backwards. Bystanders, alerted by the commotion, intervened, managing to separate the two. The man was subsequently apprehended by police officers who arrived at the scene shortly after. The woman, visibly shaken, is currently receiving medical attention and support from local authorities. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of vigilance and unity in maintaining a safe community.",
        "deepseek": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, white, top, running, narrow, street, holding, body, arms, fleeing, half-naked, man, caught, pulled, hair, dragged, back.. It should read like a ‘Crime Watch’ segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying scene caught on camera, a woman wearing a white top was running through a narrow street, desperately holding her body in her arms while fleeing from danger. A half-naked man caught up to her, pulled her by the hair, and dragged her back against her will."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v135",
        "Duration": "00:00:31",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, black, beating, woman, lying, ground, busy, narrow, street, wearing, white, shirt, passed, briefly, tried, intervene, attacker, continued, kicking, punching, shortly, afterward, blue, arrived, restrained, pulling, back.",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black was beating a woman who was also dressed in black and lying on the ground in a busy, narrow street. A man wearing a white shirt passed by and briefly tried to intervene, but the attacker continued kicking and punching her. Shortly afterward, a man dressed in a blue shirt arrived and restrained the attacker, pulling him back. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, black, beating, woman, lying, ground, busy, narrow, street, wearing, white, shirt, passed, briefly, tried, intervene, attacker, continued, kicking, punching, shortly, afterward, blue, arrived, restrained, pulling, back.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a man, dressed in black, is beating a woman, lying on the ground of a busy, narrow street, while she is wearing a white shirt. Passersby briefly tried to intervene, but the attacker continued kicking and punching. Shortly afterward, a blue vehicle arrived, and bystanders restrained the man, pulling him back, the violent assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events captured on camera, a man, clad in a black outfit and wearing a white shirt, was seen brutally attacking a woman on a busy, narrow street. The assault took place during broad daylight, as passersby went about their business. The woman lay motionless on the ground, her body limp and lifeless under the relentless blows of the attacker. The man, who appeared to be in his mid-thirties, was observed kicking and punching the defenseless woman for several minutes. A bystander, who witnessed the horrifying scene, tried to intervene but was quickly brushed aside. The attacker, undeterred, continued his assault until another individual in a blue uniform arrived and managed to pull him away from the victim. The police have identified the suspect and are currently investigating this heinous crime. The victim was immediately transported to a local hospital where she is reportedly in critical condition. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact the authorities.",
        "deepseek": "Shocking surveillance footage from a busy, narrow street shows a man, dressed in black, savagely beating a woman lying defenseless on the ground. The victim, wearing a white shirt, was passed by several individuals; one person briefly tried to intervene, but the attacker continued kicking and punching her. Shortly afterward, a bystander in a blue shirt arrived, rushed in, and restrained the assailant by forcefully pulling him back from the victim.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking street encounter caught on camera, a man dressed in black was seen brutally beating a woman who was lying on the ground in a busy, narrow street. A person wearing a white shirt passed by and briefly tried to intervene, but the attacker continued kicking and punching the victim. Shortly afterward, another individual in blue arrived, successfully restrained the assailant, and began pulling him back."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v136",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Man, dressed, white, pushing, woman, lying, ground, cemented, surface, near, bushes, tried, escape, began, strangling",
        "Human": "A man dressed in white shirt was pushing a woman who was lying on the ground against a cemented surface near some bushes. As the woman tried to escape, he began strangling her. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, dressed, white, pushing, woman, lying, ground, cemented, surface, near, bushes, tried, escape, began, strangling. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, dressed in white, is pushing a woman, lying on a cemented surface near bushes. She tried to escape, but he began strangling her, the violent attack captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling incident unfolded on camera today. A man, dressed in white, was captured on CCTV, near a group of bushes, on a cemented surface adjacent to a city bus stop. The video shows him pushing a woman, who is lying on the ground. As he begins to strangle her, she attempts to escape his grip but fails. Bystanders, seemingly unaware of the situation, continue their activities nearby, oblivious to the life-threatening struggle. The incident is currently under investigation by local authorities. We urge anyone with information regarding this crime to contact the police immediately. Please remember, if you see something, say something.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing security footage shows a man, dressed in white, pushing a woman to a cemented surface near some bushes. As she tried to escape, he forced her back down and began strangling her. The attack continued until a witness entered the frame and intervened.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying scene caught on camera, a man dressed in white was seen pushing a woman onto a cemented surface. The victim was lying on the ground near bushes and desperately tried to escape the encounter. However, the situation escalated as the suspect began strangling her"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v137",
        "Duration": "00:00:26",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, black-and-white, ethnic, wear, beaten, man, wearing, black, shirt, inside, bedroom, child, red, standing, between, slapped, multiple, times, raised, hands, attempt, protect",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black-and-white ethnic wear was being beaten by a man wearing a black shirt inside a bedroom. A child dressed in a red shirt was standing between them. The man slapped the woman multiple times while she raised her hands in an attempt to protect herself. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, black-and-white, ethnic, wear, beaten, man, wearing, black, shirt, inside, bedroom, child, red, standing, between, slapped, multiple, times, raised, hands, attempt, protect. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage inside a bedroom, a woman, dressed in black-and-white ethnic wear, is beaten by a man, wearing a black shirt. A child, in red, standing between them, is slapped multiple times while raising hands in an attempt to protect the woman, the violent incident captured in stark, harrowing detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, footage from a private residence reveals a distressing incident involving a woman, an ethnic minority, dressed in black-and-white attire, and a man in a black shirt. The scene unfolds within the confines of a bedroom, where the woman is seen being physically abused by the man. A young child, dressed in red, stands between them, seemingly attempting to intervene or protect.\n \n The video captures the woman being repeatedly slapped by the man, who raises his hands multiple times. Despite the child's efforts, the man continues his violent outburst for several seconds before abruptly stopping. Police have been notified, and the incident is currently under investigation. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this domestic violence case to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "The footage shows a woman, dressed in traditional black-and-white ethnic wear, being beaten by a man wearing a black shirt inside a bedroom. A child in a red shirt is seen standing between them, raising small hands in an attempt to protect the woman, before the man slaps her multiple times.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera inside a bedroom, a woman dressed in black-and-white ethnic wear was being brutally beaten by a man wearing a black shirt. A child in red was standing between them as the suspect slapped the victim multiple times. The woman raised her hands in a desperate attempt to protect herself from the assault."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v138",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "Woman, dressed, green, saree, sitting, cot, placed, behind, brick, wall, crying, man, white, began, beating, stick, cried, continuously, begged, stop",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a green saree was sitting on a cot placed behind a brick wall, crying. A man dressed in white began beating her with a stick as she cried continuously and begged him to stop. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, dressed, green, saree, sitting, cot, placed, behind, brick, wall, crying, man, white, began, beating, stick, cried, continuously, begged, stop. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a green saree, is sitting on a cot placed behind a brick wall, crying, as a man, in white, began beating her with a stick. She cried continuously and begged him to stop, the violent assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly draped in a green saree, can be seen seated on a cot placed behind a brick wall. A man, identifiable by his white attire, begins to beat her relentlessly with a stick. The victim cries out continuously, pleading him to stop. She sobs uncontrollably as the assault continues, her desperate cries echoing through the frame. The scene is shocking, displaying an appalling display of violence against a vulnerable individual. Authorities have been notified, and the perpetrator is being sought. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the ongoing issue of domestic abuse and the urgent need for intervention and support.",
        "deepseek": "The footage shows a woman, dressed in a green saree, sitting on a cot placed behind a brick wall and crying. A man in white entered, began beating her with a stick as she cried continuously, and begged him to stop. The assault only ceased when other individuals rushed into the room.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a woman dressed in a green saree was sitting on a cot placed behind a brick wall and crying. The situation turned violent when a man in white began beating her with a stick. The victim cried continuously and begged for him to stop the assault"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v139",
        "Duration": "00:00:31",
        "keywords": "Woman, lying, floor, man, wearing, black, shirt, slapped, another, red, T-shirt, picked, began, hitting, different, dressed, lifted, started, striking, nearby, half-naked, priest, standing, close, scene, short, distance, away, unconscious, car, parked, beside",
        "Human": "A woman was lying on the floor while a man wearing a black shirt slapped her. Another man in a red T-shirt then picked up the woman and began hitting the man in black. A different man, also dressed in a black shirt, lifted the woman and started striking her. Nearby, a priest was standing close to the scene. A short distance away, an unconscious man was lying on the floor with a car parked beside him. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, lying, floor, man, wearing, black, shirt, slapped, another, red, T-shirt, picked, began, hitting, different, dressed, lifted, started, striking, nearby, half-naked, priest, standing, close, scene, short, distance, away, unconscious, car, parked, beside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman is lying on the floor as a man, wearing a black shirt, slapped her. Another, in a red T-shirt, picked her up and began hitting her. Different individuals, dressed variously, lifted and started striking her while a nearby, half-naked priest stood close to the scene. Moments later, she was left unconscious beside a car parked short distance away, the brutal assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a violent altercation between two individuals in broad daylight. A woman, lying on the floor, is seen engaged in a physical confrontation with a man wearing a black shirt. The man, who appears to be wearing a red T-shirt, slaps the woman without provocation. A nearby, half-naked priest stands at a short distance away, seemingly uninvolved in the unfolding chaos. The woman, dressed casually, tries to defend herself, lifting her arm and beginning to hit back. The other man, dressed similarly, starts striking her repeatedly. A car, parked beside them, remains silent as the scene continues to play out. The woman eventually collapses, unconscious, as the man ceases his attacks. Police have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing. Viewer discretion is advised.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman lying motionless on the floor as a man wearing a black shirt slapped her. Another man in a red T-shirt picked her up and began hitting her, while a different man, dressed in white, lifted her and started striking her again. A half-naked priest is seen standing close to the scene, observing from a short distance away. The victim appears unconscious beside a parked car as the assault continues.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking scene caught on camera, a woman was seen lying on the floor. A man wearing a black shirt slapped her, while another person in a red T-shirt picked her up and began hitting her. As the assault continued, a different dressed individual lifted the victim and started striking her. A nearby, half-naked priest was seen standing close to the scene, just a short distance away. The victim eventually appeared unconscious near a car parked beside the area"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v140",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, blue, jacket, physically, assaulting, woman, dressed, struggled, fought, staircase, trying, overpower, eventually, knocked, down, fell, top, black, came, stairs, attempted, intervene, another, arrived, stopped, watch, incident",
        "Human": "A man wearing a blue jacket was physically assaulting a woman who was also dressed in a blue jacket. They struggled and fought on the staircase, each trying to overpower the other. The man eventually knocked the woman down and fell on top of her. At that moment, a man in a black jacket came down the stairs and attempted to intervene. Meanwhile, at the top of the stairs, another man and a woman wearing black jackets arrived and stopped to watch the incident. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, blue, jacket, physically, assaulting, woman, dressed, struggled, fought, staircase, trying, overpower, eventually, knocked, down, fell, top, black, came, stairs, attempted, intervene, another, arrived, stopped, watch, incident. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, wearing a blue jacket, is physically assaulting a woman, dressed casually, who struggled and fought on a staircase, trying to overpower him. He eventually knocked her down, and she fell from the top. A man in black came down the stairs and attempted to intervene, while another arrived shortly after and stopped the assault. Bystanders watch the incident, the tense encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera at approximately 7:32 PM last night. A man, identifiable by his blue jacket, was seen physically assaulting a woman dressed in casual attire. The disturbing scene unfolded on a staircase, where the pair struggled intensely as they fought, with the woman attempting to overpower her attacker. The man, despite her efforts, eventually managed to knock the woman down, causing her to fall heavily onto the top step. Bystanders, observing from above, came down the black-painted stairs, attempting to intervene. Another individual arrived just in time, managing to stop the incident. Witnesses reported that the woman appeared dazed but conscious after the assault. Police have been notified and are currently investigating the incident further. We urge anyone with information relevant to this case to contact local authorities immediately. Please remember, violence is never the answer. Stay vigilant, stay safe.",
        "deepseek": "The footage shows a man wearing a blue jacket physically assaulting a woman on a staircase. The victim, dressed in black, struggled and fought back, trying to overpower him, but was eventually knocked down and fell. A man came down the stairs and attempted to intervene; another witness arrived shortly after and stopped the assault, while a third individual is seen watching the entire incident from a distance.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking confrontation caught on camera, a man wearing a blue jacket was seen physically assaulting a woman. The victim struggled and fought back as the incident unfolded on a staircase, with the suspect trying to overpower her. She was eventually knocked down and fell, while another individual in black came down the stairs and attempted to intervene. Another person soon arrived and stopped to watch the incident."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v141",
        "Duration": "00:00:36",
        "keywords": "Silver, car, pulled, stopped, sidewalk, struggle, visible, inside, woman, dressed, black, stepped, driver’s, seat, followed, man, wearing, jacket, returned, another, broke, vehicle, drove",
        "Human": "A silver car pulled up and stopped on the sidewalk, with a struggle visible inside. A woman dressed in black stepped out of the driver’s seat, followed by a man wearing a black jacket. The woman then returned to the car, where another struggle broke out near the vehicle, after which the car drove away. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Silver, car, pulled, stopped, sidewalk, struggle, visible, inside, woman, dressed, black, stepped, driver’s, seat, followed, man, wearing, jacket, returned, another, broke, vehicle, drove. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a silver car pulled up and stopped on the sidewalk, where a struggle is visible inside. A woman, dressed in black, stepped into the driver’s seat, followed by a man, wearing a jacket. He returned while another individual broke the vehicle and drove off, the tense and unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a silver car was captured pulling over onto a bustling sidewalk in broad daylight. The vehicle came to a halt, causing pedestrians to pause mid-step. A woman, dressed elegantly in black, exited the passenger side, her movements calm but tense. As she approached the driver's seat, a man in a jacket emerged from the other side, following closely behind. He re-entered the vehicle moments later, with the woman visible struggling inside. Witnesses reported hearing a disturbance, with loud noises emanating from within. The driver, who had initially fled the scene, returned, broke the vehicle's window, and sped away. Police are urgently investigating this incident, appealing for any information that may aid their investigation. If you have any details regarding this crime or recognize the individuals involved, please contact your local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing incident was captured on dashcam as a silver car abruptly pulled over and stopped on a sidewalk, a violent struggle clearly visible inside. A woman, dressed in black, then stepped out from the driver's seat, followed immediately by a man wearing a dark jacket. He returned to the car for another woman, broke free from her grasp, and drove the vehicle away at high speed.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident caught on camera, a silver car pulled over and stopped on a sidewalk. A struggle was clearly visible inside the vehicle. A woman dressed in black stepped out of the driver's seat and was immediately followed by a man wearing a jacket. The suspect then returned with another person who broke into the vehicle before they drove away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v142",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "Man, wearing, green, T-shirt, sitting, floor, living, area, woman, grey, top, standing, nearby, stood, began, arguing, black, dog, present, followed, started, slapping, kicking, children, shirt, orange, came, downstairs, grabbed, hair, dragged.",
        "Human": "A man wearing a green T-shirt was sitting on the floor in a living area, with a woman in a grey top standing nearby. He stood up and began arguing with her. A black dog was also present and followed the woman. The man then started slapping and kicking her. Two children, one wearing a black shirt and the other an orange T-shirt, came downstairs. The man grabbed the woman by her hair and dragged her away. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Man, wearing, green, T-shirt, sitting, floor, living, area, woman, grey, top, standing, nearby, stood, began, arguing, black, dog, present, followed, started, slapping, kicking, children, shirt, orange, came, downstairs, grabbed, hair, dragged.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage inside a living area, a man, wearing a green T-shirt, is sitting on the floor while a woman, in a grey top, is standing nearby. She stood and began arguing as a black dog is present. The man then started slapping and kicking her. Children, one in a shirt, orange, came downstairs as he grabbed her hair and dragged her, the violent assault captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident unfolded in a residential living area. A man, identifiable by his green T-shirt, was filmed sitting on the floor. Nearby, a woman dressed in a grey top stood, her demeanor escalating as she began to argue with the man. A black dog was present, seemingly unphased by the escalating tension. The argument turned physical when the man, wearing an orange shirt, stood up, and, without warning, he slapped the woman. The confrontation continued with the man kicking her, and, shockingly, children were nearby, visibly distressed. The man then grabbed the woman's hair and dragged her down the stairs, causing a commotion that drew the attention of neighbors. Police have been notified, and efforts are underway to apprehend the assailant. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of maintaining peace and respect within our communities.",
        "deepseek": "The footage from a home living area shows a man wearing a green T-shirt sitting on the floor with a woman in a grey top standing nearby. He suddenly stood up, and they began arguing aggressively as a black dog looked on. He then followed her and started slapping and kicking her, even as children, one in an orange shirt who came downstairs, attempted to intervene. The attacker then grabbed the victim by her hair and dragged her across the floor.",
        "gemini": "In a harrowing scene caught on camera, a man wearing a green T-shirt was seen sitting on the floor of a living area when a woman in a grey top standing nearby was approached. The encounter turned violent as the two began arguing in the presence of a black dog. The situation escalated quickly as the suspect followed and started slapping and kicking the victim. Amidst the assault, children—including one in an orange shirt—came downstairs. The assailant then grabbed the victim by the hair and dragged her away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v143",
        "Duration": "00:00:11",
        "keywords": "Woman, wearing, cream-colored, outfit, holding, neck, elevator, doors, opened, yellow, shirt, struggled, break, free.",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a cream-colored outfit was holding another woman by the neck as the elevator doors opened, while the woman in the yellow shirt struggled to break free. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: Woman, wearing, cream-colored, outfit, holding, neck, elevator, doors, opened, yellow, shirt, struggled, break, free.. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a cream-colored outfit, is seen holding her neck as she is trapped in an elevator. As the doors opened, a man in a yellow shirt confronted her, and she struggled to break free, the tense and violent encounter captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling incident, captured on CCTV, a woman wearing a cream-colored outfit is seen struggling in an elevator. The victim, identifiable by her yellow shirt, can be observed gripping her neck as the elevator doors open. As the doors slide open, revealing a busy corridor, the woman appears to struggle more intensely, attempting to break free. Despite her efforts, she remains trapped within the confined space for several seconds before managing to escape. Authorities are urgently investigating this alarming incident, seeking any witnesses or additional footage that may provide further details about the woman or the suspect involved. If you have information regarding this case, please contact your local police department immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from an elevator shows a woman wearing a cream-colored outfit being held by the neck by a man in a yellow shirt. As the elevator doors opened, she struggled violently to break free, but he maintained his grip and pulled her back inside before the doors closed. The suspect is still at large.",
        "gemini": "In a terrifying incident caught on camera, a woman wearing a cream-colored outfit was being held by the neck. As the elevator doors opened, a man in a yellow shirt was seen as the victim desperately struggled to break free from her assailant."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v144",
        "Duration": "00:00:54",
        "keywords": "live, chat, black, half-naked, man, hits, woman, dressed, white, t-shirt, strikes, back, repeatedly, grabs, hair, forces, down, ground, continuing, hit",
        "Human": "In a live chat, a black man, w, hits a woman dressed in a white t-shirt. In response, the woman strikes him back repeatedly, grabs his hair, and forces him down onto the ground, continuing to hit him. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: live, chat, black, half-naked, man, hits, woman, dressed, white, t-shirt, strikes, back, repeatedly, grabs, hair, forces, down, ground, continuing, hit. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing live chat footage, a black, half-naked man hits a woman, dressed in a white t-shirt, striking her back repeatedly. He grabs her hair and forces her down to the ground, continuing to hit her as the violent assault unfolds in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling turn of events captured live during an online chat session, a disturbing incident unfolded. A black, half-naked man, wearing only a white t-shirt, is seen striking a woman repeatedly. The victim, dressed appropriately, is visibly frightened as she tries to defend herself, but her efforts are in vain. The man, with unkempt hair, forcefully pushes her down onto the ground, where he continues to strike her on the back. He repeatedly grabs her hair, tightening his grip each time before delivering another blow. The horrifying scene is captured in high definition, revealing every detail of this vicious attack. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this ongoing assault to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing live chat stream shows a half-naked man in black shorts attacking a woman dressed in a white t-shirt. He strikes her in the back repeatedly, then grabs her hair and forces her down to the ground, continuing to hit her as she struggles. The footage, which was broadcast in real-time, has been secured by investigators.",
        "gemini": "In a shocking incident captured during a live chat, a half-naked man wearing black was seen hitting a woman dressed in a white T-shirt. The suspect strikes the victim’s back repeatedly before he grabs her by the hair and forces her down to the ground. While the victim is pinned, the assailant is seen continuing to hit her"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v145",
        "Duration": "00:00:15",
        "keywords": "half-naked, man, wearing, gray, shorts, kicked, woman, dressed, pink, night, suit, holding, small, child, arms, moved, room, hall, man, following, struck, stepped, back, avoid",
        "Human": "A man wearing gray shorts kicked a woman dressed in a pink night suit who was holding a small child in her arms. The woman then moved out of the room into the hall, with the man following her. He struck her again, but she stepped back to avoid him. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: half-naked, man, wearing, gray, shorts, kicked, woman, dressed, pink, night, suit, holding, small, child, arms, moved, room, hall, man, following, struck, stepped, back, avoid. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a half-naked man, wearing gray shorts, kicked a woman, dressed in a pink night suit, who was holding a small child in her arms. She moved from a room to a hall, with the man following her, striking repeatedly. She stepped back to avoid the blows, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captures a disturbing incident late last night. A half-naked man, clad in gray shorts, is seen aggressively kicking a woman, dressed in a pink suit, in a public hall. The woman was holding a small child in her arms, attempting to move away from the attacker. The man, following his initial kick, appeared to strike again, stepping back before avoiding any further confrontation. Witnesses report that the incident occurred suddenly, leaving many shocked and distraught. Authorities are urgently seeking leads, asking anyone with information to come forward. The community is urged to remain vigilant and help ensure safety for all its members.",
        "deepseek": "In a harrowing home recording, a half-naked man wearing gray shorts is seen kicking a woman dressed in a pink night suit who was holding a small child in her arms. As she moved desperately from the room into a hall, the man followed closely and struck her again, causing her to step back and contort her body to avoid the blows while shielding the child.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing scene caught on home surveillance, a half-naked man wearing gray shorts is seen aggressively pursuing a woman dressed in a pink night suit through a residence. As the woman moved from the living room toward the hall, she is clearly seen holding a small child in her arms in a protective stance. The man, relentlessly following her, suddenly struck and kicked the victim; the woman desperately stepped back to avoid the blow and shield the infant from the impact"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v146",
        "Duration": "00:12:35",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, jacket, carrying, black, backpack, plastic, bags, glass, dragged, woman, hair, elevator, legs, remained, used, pull, sat, corner, took, cup, poured, liquid, placing, back, exited, returned, dragged, out",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white jacket and carrying a black backpack, along with plastic bags and a glass, dragged a woman by her hair into an elevator. When her legs remained outside, he used his own legs to pull them in. Inside the elevator, the woman sat in a corner while the man took a cup and poured liquid over her before placing it back down. After some time, the man exited the elevator, then returned shortly afterward and again dragged the woman out by her hair. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, jacket, carrying, black, backpack, plastic, bags, glass, dragged, woman, hair, elevator, legs, remained, used, pull, sat, corner, took, cup, poured, liquid, placing, back, exited, returned, dragged, out. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, wearing a white jacket and carrying a black backpack and plastic bags, dragged a woman by her hair into an elevator. Her legs remained on the floor as he used them to pull her further. She sat in a corner while he took a cup, poured liquid, and placed it back. He then exited and returned, dragging her out, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, surveillance footage captured a troubling incident in a downtown building's elevator. A man, identifiable by his white jacket, was seen entering the elevator with a black backpack, two plastic bags dangling from one hand, and a glass object in the other. He forcefully dragged a woman with long, flowing hair into the elevator, her legs visibly trembling. The woman appeared to be unconscious or disoriented, as she remained seated throughout the ordeal.\n \n Upon reaching their floor, the man pulled a cup from the backpack, poured a suspicious liquid, and placed it near the woman's head. After taking a seat in a corner of the elevator, he seemed to wait for a moment before exiting the premises. However, he returned moments later, dragging the woman's limp body out of the elevator and down the corridor, leaving a trail of blood behind.\n \n The woman's lifeless body was found in the same corner where the man had sat earlier, with the empty glass and cup nearby. The police are currently investigating this tragic event, and the public is urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A security camera inside an elevator captured a man wearing a white jacket and carrying a black backpack and plastic bags. He violently dragged a woman in by her hair; her legs remained outside the elevator as he used her hair to pull her fully inside, where she sat curled in a corner. He then took a cup, poured a liquid into it, and forced her to drink it before placing her over his back, exiting, and returning moments later to drag her limp body out of the frame.",
        "gemini": "In a chilling sequence captured by building surveillance, a man wearing a white jacket and carrying a black backpack with several plastic bags is seen entering an elevator. The footage shows a woman being violently dragged by her hair into the lift, where her legs remained visible as he used force to pull her into the corner. As she sat incapacitated, the suspect took a glass cup, poured an unknown liquid, and was seen placing it back into his bag before he briefly exited. He quickly returned, grabbing the victim once more, and dragged her out into the hallway as the doors closed"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v147",
        "Duration": "00:01:22",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, maroon, shirt, standing, woman, open, field, slapped, grabbed, hair, threw, ground, kicked, continued, assaulting, lost, consciousness, picked, threw, laid",
        "Human": "A man wearing a maroon shirt was standing in front of a woman in an open field. He slapped her, grabbed her by the hair, threw her to the ground, and kicked her. With no one else around, he continued assaulting her until she lost consciousness. He then picked her up, threw her down again, and finally laid her on the ground. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, maroon, shirt, standing, woman, open, field, slapped, grabbed, hair, threw, ground, kicked, continued, assaulting, lost, consciousness, picked, threw, laid. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a man, wearing a maroon shirt, is standing over a woman in an open field. He slapped her, grabbed her hair, and threw her to the ground, kicking her repeatedly. He continued assaulting her until she lost consciousness, then picked her up, threw her again, and laid her down, the brutal attack captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a man clad in a maroon shirt was captured on camera assaulting a woman in an open field. The incident began when the man approached the woman, seemingly out of nowhere. He slapped her hard before grabbing a handful of her long hair. The victim tried to defend herself, but the assailant threw her to the ground and continued his attack. He repeatedly kicked her as she lay there, helpless. The woman lost consciousness mid-assault. The man, unfazed, picked her up, tossed her onto the ground once more, and left her there, lifeless. Authorities are urgently searching for the suspect, described as a man in a maroon shirt, last seen fleeing the scene. If you have any information regarding this violent incident, please contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing footage from an open field shows a man in a maroon shirt standing over a woman. He slapped her, grabbed her hair, and threw her to the ground. He then kicked her repeatedly and continued assaulting her until she lost consciousness. He picked her up, threw her limp body aside, and laid her down roughly before walking away.",
        "gemini": "In an isolated outdoor location, a man wearing a maroon shirt is captured on video standing with a woman in an open field. The situation escalates rapidly as the suspect slapped the victim, grabbed her by the hair, and violently threw her to the ground. He then kicked her and continued assaulting her until she lost consciousness. After the attack, he picked up the limp body, threw her again, and laid her motionless on the grass before the footage cuts out."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v148",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "men, wearing, white, shirt, black, shirt, dragging, woman, dressed, white, black, man, bicycle, riding, people, present, nearby, fencing, area",
        "Human": "Two men—one wearing a white shirt and the other a black shirt—were dragging a woman dressed in white and black. A man on a bicycle was riding behind them, and several other people were present nearby, along with fencing in the area. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, wearing, white, shirt, black, shirt, dragging, woman, dressed, white, black, man, bicycle, riding, people, present, nearby, fencing, area. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, men, wearing white and black shirts, are seen dragging a woman, dressed in white and black, across a fenced area. A man on a bicycle and other people present nearby watch as the attack unfolds, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured in a fenced recreational area shows two men, one clad in a white shirt, the other in a black shirt, engaging in a disturbing act. The white-shirted man is seen forcibly dragging a woman, also dressed in white and black, while the second man rides a bicycle nearby, seemingly oblivious to the situation. The victim appears to be resisting, causing alarm among passersby who immediately gather around. Authorities urge anyone with information related to this incident to come forward, as the investigation continues. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of community vigilance and safety awareness.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage from an area with nearby fencing shows two men—one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt—violently dragging a woman dressed in white along the ground. A third man on a bicycle is seen riding in the vicinity, while several other people are present nearby, passively observing the abduction.",
        "gemini": "CCTV footage from a public fencing area captures a harrowing scene where men wearing a white shirt and a black shirt are seen violently dragging a woman dressed in white and black. Despite a man on a bicycle riding by and other people being present nearby, the abduction continues as the suspects force the victim across the pavement"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v149",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, red, outfit, lifted, woman, dressed, black, metro, bench, seated, platform, bench, holding, close, sat, beside",
        "Human": "A man wearing a red outfit lifted a woman dressed in black from a metro bench and seated her on the platform bench, holding her close. He then sat down beside her. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, red, outfit, lifted, woman, dressed, black, metro, bench, seated, platform, bench, holding, close, sat, beside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage at a metro station, a man, wearing a red outfit, lifted a woman, dressed in black, from a bench on the platform where she was seated. He held her close as he sat beside her, the tense and unsettling encounter captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a man wearing a distinctive red outfit is seen lifting a woman dressed in black from a bench on the metro platform. The incident occurred at approximately 9:37 PM last night. The woman, who was seated alone on the bench, appeared to be in shock as she was pulled closer to the man. They were sitting side by side, with the man's back facing the direction of the train arrival. Bystanders, seemingly oblivious, moved around them on the busy platform. The woman seemed frozen, her eyes wide and pleading. The man held onto the woman tightly before quickly exiting the station, dragging her along. Authorities have released the footage in an attempt to identify both individuals involved. This incident is under investigation and anyone with information is urged to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from a metro platform shows a man wearing a red outfit lifting a woman dressed in black from a bench where she was seated; he then held her close and sat beside her, maintaining a forceful grip as she remained visibly distressed.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing sequence captured at a metro platform, a man wearing a red outfit is seen approaching a woman dressed in black who was seated on a bench. The footage shows the man initially holding her close as he sat beside her on the bench, but the situation quickly escalates when he suddenly lifted the woman against her will and moved away from the seating area."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v150",
        "Duration": "00:00:28",
        "keywords": "white, car, stopped, sidewalk, man, wearing, blue, vest, stepped, woman, dressed, black, approached, gate, slapped, forced, car, got, driver’s, seat, drove, away",
        "Human": "A white car stopped on the sidewalk, and a man wearing a blue vest stepped out. As a woman dressed in black approached a nearby gate, the man suddenly slapped her and forced her into the car. He then got into the driver’s seat, and the car drove away. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: white, car, stopped, sidewalk, man, wearing, blue, vest, stepped, woman, dressed, black, approached, gate, slapped, forced, car, got, driver’s, seat, drove, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a white car stopped on the sidewalk as a man, wearing a blue vest, stepped out. A woman, dressed in black, approached a gate when he slapped her and forced her into the car. He then got into the driver’s seat and drove away, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera yesterday afternoon. A white car came to a stop on the sidewalk, obstructing pedestrian flow. As a man in a blue vest exited the vehicle, he stepped onto the sidewalk, approaching a woman dressed in black. The woman, seemingly startled, found herself confronted by this stranger near a gate. In an abrupt act, the man slapped her before forcing her towards the car. With shock etched on her face, she complied as the man opened the passenger door. Moments later, he got into the driver's seat, and with a swift movement, the car drove away, leaving the stunned crowd behind. Authorities are urgently investigating this incident and encourage anyone with information to come forward. Please remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A white car is seen stopped on a sidewalk. A man wearing a blue vest stepped out, confronted a woman dressed in black as she approached a gate, slapped her, and forced her into the vehicle. He then got into the driver’s seat and drove away.",
        "gemini": "Security footage captures a white car as it stopped abruptly along the sidewalk, where a man wearing a blue vest stepped out and approached a woman dressed in black standing near a residential gate. The situation escalated instantly as the man slapped the victim and forced her into the car; he then quickly got into the driver’s seat and drove away, leaving the scene in seconds"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v151",
        "Duration": "00:00:29",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, standing, doorway, man, ran, grabbed, dragged, away",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in white was standing at a doorway then a man ran toward her, grabbed her, and dragged her away. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, standing, doorway, man, ran, grabbed, dragged, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in white, is standing in a doorway when a man ran, grabbed her, and dragged her away, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a white-dressed woman standing near a doorway was the unwilling witness to a violent altercation late last night. A man, unexpectedly running towards her, grabbed her in a swift, aggressive motion before she could react. The woman attempted to struggle, but the man overpowered her, dragging her away from the scene. Bystanders were left stunned as they witnessed this disturbing act unfold. Authorities have been notified and are currently investigating the incident, seeking both the identities of the individuals involved and any additional witnesses who may have information pertinent to the case. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact local law enforcement immediately.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman dressed in white standing in a doorway when a man ran into frame, violently grabbed her, and dragged her away as she struggled.",
        "gemini": "The security footage shows a woman, dressed in white, standing calmly in her doorway at approximately 2:00 AM. Without warning, a man emerged from the shadows and ran toward her at full speed. He grabbed her before she could retreat inside and violently dragged her away from the camera's view into the darkness of the alleyway"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v152",
        "Duration": "00:00:08",
        "keywords": "men, dressed, green, vest, woman, dressed, black, dragging, person, lying, ground, store",
        "Human": "a men dressed in green vest and woman dresssed in black were dragging a person who is lying on the ground inside the store. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, dressed, green, vest, woman, dressed, black, dragging, person, lying, ground, store. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, men, dressed in green vests, are seen dragging a woman, dressed in black, who is lying on the ground inside a store, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a video captured outside a local store reveals a troubling incident. Two men, one wearing a distinctive green vest, the other unidentified, were seen arguing intensely with a woman dressed in black. The argument escalated, leading to a violent act as the man in the green vest apparently dragged the woman onto the ground. Bystanders intervened, attempting to separate the individuals before police arrived. The victim, a person lying motionless on the pavement, was later confirmed to be the woman from the initial altercation. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident or the identities of the individuals involved to contact them immediately. This is a developing story, and further details will be provided as they become available.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing surveillance footage from outside a store shows a group of men dressed in green vests surrounding a woman dressed in black. They are seen dragging another person who is lying on the ground, pulling them away from the entrance as the woman tries to intervene before being forcibly held back.",
        "gemini": "Chilling security footage released this morning captures a harrowing scene outside a local store, where two men dressed in neon green safety vests appear to be flanking a woman dressed in all black. The grainy video shows the woman aggressively dragging a person who is lying limp on the ground, pulling them toward the dark corner of the parking lot while the men stand watch. The calculated coordination of the group and the victim's lack of movement have led investigators to classify the incident as a high-priority abduction"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v153",
        "Duration": "00:00:21",
        "keywords": "silver, car, parked, sidewalk, busy, road, traffic, passing, man, got, driver’s, seat, walked, woman, standing, doorway, grabbed, hair, dragged, car",
        "Human": "A silver car was parked on the sidewalk beside a busy road with traffic passing by. A man got out of the driver’s seat and walked toward a woman standing at a doorway, then grabbed her by the hair and dragged her toward his car. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: silver, car, parked, sidewalk, busy, road, traffic, passing, man, got, driver’s, seat, walked, woman, standing, doorway, grabbed, hair, dragged, car. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, a silver car is parked on a sidewalk beside a busy road with traffic passing. A man got into the driver’s seat and walked toward a woman, standing in a doorway, grabbed her hair, and dragged her toward the car, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a chilling incident was captured on CCTV in the bustling downtown area. A silver car, parked precariously on the sidewalk, obstructing pedestrian flow. As traffic passed and the busy road hummed, a man exited from the driver's seat, his actions uncharacteristic for the typical rush-hour commute. A woman, standing near a doorway, noticed the man approaching her. In a heartbeat, he reached into the vehicle, reemerging with a grip on the steering wheel, pulling hard as if to drag the car closer. The woman gasped, her eyes widening as the man advanced towards her. With a swift motion, he grabbed a handful of her long hair, yanking her towards the vehicle. The bystanders froze, their gazes locked on the unfolding horror. The woman struggled, her cries echoing through the crowded street, as the car came to life once more, the engine roaring ominously. The incident is currently under investigation, and authorities urge anyone with information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing daytime incident was captured on camera where a silver car was parked illegally on a sidewalk beside a busy road with traffic passing. The man got out of the driver’s seat, walked directly to a woman standing in a nearby doorway, grabbed her by the hair, and dragged her across the pavement toward the car.",
        "gemini": "In this unsettling footage, a silver car is seen parked on a sidewalk adjacent to a busy road. As heavy traffic is passing by, a man got out of the driver’s seat and walked quickly toward a woman standing in a nearby doorway. In a sudden burst of violence, the suspect grabbed her by the hair and dragged her across the pavement and into the car before speeding away."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v154",
        "Duration": "00:00:20",
        "keywords": "man, dressed, black, carrying, woman, dressed, black, arms, walking, deserted, street, night",
        "Human": "A man dressed in black was carrying a woman who was also dressed in black in his arms while walking along a deserted street at night. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, dressed, black, carrying, woman, dressed, black, arms, walking, deserted, street, night. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a man, dressed in black, is carrying a woman, also dressed in black, in his arms while walking down a deserted street at night, the tense and unsettling scene captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In the cold, unforgiving grip of a deserted city street under the cloak of night, a chilling scene unfolds. A man, clad in black, is seen walking with an unmistakable urgency, his gait purposeful. In his arms, he carries a woman, also attired in dark clothing. The woman appears limp, her body devoid of resistance. The scene, captured by a security camera, offers no audible context, but the visuals alone convey an unsettling narrative. The pair move in the shadows, their passage marked only by the flickering glow of distant streetlights. This incident, occurring on a normally quiet urban thoroughfare, has left community members on edge, praying for the safety of the seemingly helpless victim and seeking answers about the motives of the man who carries her.",
        "deepseek": "A chilling scene was captured on a surveillance camera late at night. A man, dressed entirely in black, is seen walking down a deserted street, carrying a motionless woman, also dressed in black, in his arms. Her limbs hang limp as he moves purposefully into the darkness, away from the camera’s view.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident late at night on a deserted street: a man, dressed entirely in black clothing, was observed walking quickly while carrying a woman, who was also dressed in black, held across his arms in a manner that suggested she was unable to move independently. Authorities are actively seeking information regarding the man, woman, and the highly unsettling nature of the event caught on camera."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v155",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "men, wearing, white, shirt, blue, shirt, dragging, woman, dressed, blue, saree, holding, hands, walked, road, vehicles, following, parked, cars, lined, roadside",
        "Human": "Two men—one wearing a white shirt and the other a blue shirt—were dragging a woman dressed in a blue saree by holding her hands as they walked along the road. Behind them, several two-wheeler vehicles were following, and parked cars lined the roadside. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, wearing, white, shirt, blue, shirt, dragging, woman, dressed, blue, saree, holding, hands, walked, road, vehicles, following, parked, cars, lined, roadside. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, men, wearing white and blue shirts, are seen dragging a woman, dressed in a blue saree, holding her hands, as they walked down a road. Vehicles are following, with parked cars lined along the roadside, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, footage captured on a busy street shows two men, one in a white shirt and another in a blue shirt, forcibly dragging a woman clad in a blue saree. The victim, visibly distressed, is seen resisting as they walk along the roadside, with several parked vehicles lining the way. As they advance, vehicles follow in close proximity, creating a disquieting scene. The incident occurred during rush hour, with numerous witnesses potentially present. Authorities urge anyone with information regarding this alleged assault to come forward immediately. This is a developing story; further details will be released as they become available.",
        "deepseek": "Surveillance footage shows two men—one in a white shirt, the other in a blue shirt—dragging a woman dressed in a blue saree down the center of a road. She is seen holding her hands together in distress as vehicles pass by. The men continued dragging her, followed by another individual, as they moved past a line of parked cars on the roadside.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captures a highly alarming event unfolding on a public road that is lined with parked cars along the roadside. The footage shows two men, one wearing a white shirt and the other a blue shirt, forcibly dragging a woman, who is dressed in a blue saree. One of the men is seen holding her hands tightly as they move along the road. Several vehicles are seen following closely behind the group, suggesting a coordinated movement. The alarming nature of the incident, witnessed on a busy street, is intense."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v156",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, brown, jacket, standing, train, coach, open, door, moving, train, man, dressed, black, yellow, cap, reached, snatched, chain, pulled, exit, man, wearing, brown, jacket, standing, intervened, saved, accident",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a brown jacket was standing inside a train coach near the open door of a moving train. Suddenly, a man dressed in black with a yellow cap reached in from the doorway, snatched the woman’s chain, and pulled her toward the exit. Another man wearing a brown jacket who was standing behind her intervened and saved her from a serious accident. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, brown, jacket, standing, train, coach, open, door, moving, train, man, dressed, black, yellow, cap, reached, snatched, chain, pulled, exit, man, wearing, brown, jacket, standing, intervened, saved, accident. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage inside a train coach, a woman, wearing a brown jacket, is standing near an open door of a moving train when a man, dressed in black with a yellow cap, reached, snatched her chain, and pulled her toward the exit. A man, wearing a brown jacket, standing nearby, intervened and saved her from a potential accident, the tense and unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded aboard a moving train coach. A woman, identifiable by her brown jacket, stood near the open door as the train continued its journey. Suddenly, a man clad in black and adorned with a distinctive yellow cap was seen reaching into the carriage, swiftly snatching a valuable chain from a fellow passenger. The victim, also wearing a brown jacket, appeared shocked but unharmed. Just when the situation seemed dire, another man, who had been standing nearby, intervened. He successfully managed to save the day, preventing the thief from exiting the train with the stolen item. Authorities have been alerted, and the case is currently under investigation. Remain vigilant, fellow commuters, and keep your belongings secure at all times.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from a moving train shows a woman wearing a brown jacket standing near the open door of the coach. A man dressed in black with a yellow cap suddenly reached over, snatched her gold chain, and pulled her toward the exit in an attempt to throw her off the train. A second man, wearing a brown jacket and standing nearby, immediately intervened, pulling her back inside and saving her from a fatal accident as the thief fled.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a highly alarming event unfolding on a public road that is lined with parked cars along the roadside: two men, one wearing a white shirt and the other a blue shirt, were seen forcibly dragging a woman, who was dressed in a blue saree, with one of the men holding her hands tightly as they walked along the road, while several vehicles were seen following closely behind the group, suggesting a coordinated movement."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v157",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "women, dressed, red, saree, peach-colored, kurti, walking, empty, street, black, motorcycle, pillion, rider, snatched, chain, bike, sped, away",
        "Human": "Two women, one dressed in a red saree and the other in a peach-colored kurti, were walking along an empty street when a black motorcycle passed by. The pillion rider snatched one woman’s chain, and the bike sped away. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: women, dressed, red, saree, peach-colored, kurti, walking, empty, street, black, motorcycle, pillion, rider, snatched, chain, bike, sped, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In shocking CCTV footage, two women, dressed in a red saree and a peach-colored kurti, are walking down an empty street when a black motorcycle with a pillion rider snatched a chain from one of them. The bike then sped away, the incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly attired in a red saree with a striking peach-colored kurti, was the victim of a brazen street crime. As she walked alone along the eerily empty street, a black motorcycle appeared from nowhere, the rider swiftly dismounting to grab hold of her, as his passenger remained on the bike. The woman tried to resist, but the pair managed to snatch her gold chain before the motorcycle sped off, leaving the distraught woman standing alone on the deserted street. Police are investigating this incident and are urging anyone with information to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder to stay vigilant, especially when walking alone at night.",
        "deepseek": "Two women, one dressed in a red saree and the other in a peach-colored kurti, were walking down an otherwise empty street when a black motorcycle approached from behind. The pillion rider leaned over, violently snatched the chain from the woman in the red saree, and the bike sped away, leaving the victim visibly shaken.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing attempted robbery on a moving train: a woman, wearing a brown jacket, was standing near the open door of the train coach when a man, dressed in black with a yellow cap, reached in, snatched her chain, and pulled her towards the exit, but another man, also wearing a brown jacket and standing nearby, intervened and saved the woman from a serious accident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v158",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, red, kurti, walking, street, carrying, bag, scooty, men, approached, snatched, resisted, fell, ground, sped, away",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a red kurti was walking along the street carrying a red bag when a scooty with three men approached her. They snatched her bag, and although she resisted, she fell to the ground as the scooty sped away. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, red, kurti, walking, street, carrying, bag, scooty, men, approached, snatched, resisted, fell, ground, sped, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in a red kurti, is walking down a street, carrying a bag, when a scooty with two men approached and snatched it. She resisted, fell to the ground, and the scooty sped away, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly attired in a red kurti, was seen walking down a bustling city street with a black bag slung over her shoulder and a scooty parked nearby. As she ambled along, two unidentified men approached from behind, attempting to snatch her bag. The woman resisted fiercely, causing a commotion that drew attention. In the struggle, she fell onto the ground, but refused to let go of her belongings. One of the assailants managed to snatch the bag before they sped away on a motorbike, leaving the victim disheveled but undeterred. Authorities are urgently seeking leads to identify and apprehend the culprits involved in this daylight mugging incident. Citizens are reminded to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a red kurti was walking down a street, carrying a bag, when two men on a scooty approached her. One man snatched her bag; as she resisted, she was pulled off balance and fell to the ground. The assailants then sped away with her belongings.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captures an aggressive attempted snatching on a city street: a woman, dressed in a red kurti, was walking and carrying a bag when two men on a scooty suddenly approached her from behind. The assailants attempted to snatch her bag, but the woman resisted the attack and subsequently fell to the ground during the struggle; the men, having failed to secure the item, immediately sped away on the scooty"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v159",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "video, captured, lobby, people, working, nearby, woman, standing, counter, man, rushed, toward, startled, unwanted, action, dropped, handbag, floor",
        "Human": "The video was captured in a lobby where people were working nearby. A woman was standing at a counter when a man suddenly rushed toward her from behind. Startled by the unwanted action, the woman dropped her handbag onto the floor. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: video, captured, lobby, people, working, nearby, woman, standing, counter, man, rushed, toward, startled, unwanted, action, dropped, handbag, floor. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing video captured in a lobby, while people were working nearby, a woman is standing at a counter when a man rushed toward her. Startled by the unwanted action, she dropped her handbag on the floor, the tense and unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a security camera captured a troubling incident in the office lobby during regular business hours. The video shows a woman, standing near the counter, seemingly engrossed in conversation with a man who was working nearby. Suddenly, the man rushes toward the woman, causing her to startle and drop her handbag onto the floor. Witnesses report that this unexpected action appeared unwanted and aggressive, sparking immediate concern among those present. Police are urgently investigating this incident as it does not align with the usual behavior expected in our workplace environment. We advise all employees to remain vigilant and report any further unusual actions or individuals to management immediately.",
        "deepseek": "Security video captured in a public lobby shows a woman standing at a counter, with people working nearby. Suddenly, a man rushed toward her and made an unwanted physical advance, which startled her so severely that she dropped her handbag to the floor and recoiled in shock before he quickly fled the scene",
        "gemini": "Security camera video captured an intensely disturbing scene in a building lobby where people were working nearby: a woman was standing at a counter when a man rushed toward her in an aggressive and unwanted action, causing the clearly startled woman to immediately dropped her handbag onto the floor"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v160",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, red, kurti, walking, street, lined, parked, cars, bikes, man, wearing, helmet, approached, touched, inappropriately, ran, sitting, motorcycle, distance, observing, incident",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a red kurti was walking along a street lined with parked cars and bikes when a man wearing a helmet approached her, touched her inappropriately, and ran away. Another man sitting on a motorcycle at a distance was observing the entire incident. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, red, kurti, walking, street, lined, parked, cars, bikes, man, wearing, helmet, approached, touched, inappropriately, ran, sitting, motorcycle, distance, observing, incident. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a red kurti, is walking down a street lined with parked cars and bikes when a man, wearing a helmet, approached and touched her inappropriately. He then ran to a sitting motorcycle a short distance away, observing the incident as bystanders looked on, the unsettling event captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in a vibrant red kurti, was walking down a bustling street lined with parked cars and bikes. Suddenly, a man, clad in a helmet, emerged from one of the vehicles, approached her, and committed an inappropriate act before swiftly mounting his motorcycle and driving off. The incident was captured on CCTV cameras, revealing the woman's continued composure as she sat on a nearby bench, seemingly in shock, observing the man at a distance. Authorities are urgently investigating this case, appealing for any witnesses to come forward. The perpetrator is described as a man on a motorcycle, last seen fleeing the scene. If you have any information regarding this incident, please contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a red kurti was walking along a street lined with parked cars and bikes when a man wearing a helmet approached her and touched her inappropriately. She recoiled as he then ran to a motorcycle where another man was sitting at a distance, observing the entire incident, before they both sped away.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident on a street lined with parked cars and bikes: a woman, wearing a red kurti, was walking when a man, wearing a helmet, suddenly approached her and touched her inappropriately, before immediately ran away; another man was seen sitting on a motorcycle at a distance, apparently observing the incident"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v161",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, suit, grey, pants, walking, road, using, mobile, phone, men, motorcycle, approached, pillion, rider, reached, harass, fleeing, disgusted, ran, attempt, catch",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black suit and grey pants was walking along the road while using her mobile phone. Suddenly, two men on a motorcycle approached from behind, and the pillion rider reached out to harass her before fleeing. Disgusted, the woman ran after them in an attempt to catch them. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, suit, grey, pants, walking, road, using, mobile, phone, men, motorcycle, approached, pillion, rider, reached, harass, fleeing, disgusted, ran, attempt, catch. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a black suit and grey pants, is walking down a road while using her mobile phone. Two men on a motorcycle, including a pillion rider, approached and reached to harass her. She fled, visibly disgusted, as they ran in an attempt to catch her, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in a striking black suit and grey trousers was captured on CCTV cameras while walking along a busy city road. As she navigated her way, engrossed in a call on her mobile phone, a menacing motorcycle approached from behind, the pillion rider reaching out as he passed. The woman, visibly disturbed, tried to evade his grasp but failed, resulting in a brief altercation before the motorcyclist fled the scene. The victim, clearly shaken, managed to run away, expressing disgust at the attempted harassment. Authorities have released this footage in hopes that someone may recognize the motorcyclists involved and aid in their apprehension. This incident serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant and cautious in our urban environments.",
        "deepseek": "A woman, wearing a black suit jacket and grey pants, was walking along a road while using her mobile phone. Two men on a motorcycle approached; the pillion rider reached out and harassed her, then fled as she recoiled in disgust. The woman ran after them in a futile attempt to catch the motorcycle, which quickly sped away.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident on a road: a woman, wearing a black suit and grey pants, was walking and using her mobile phone when two men on a motorcycle approached her; the pillion rider reached out to harass the woman, who, clearly disgusted and fleeing the assault, ran down the road in an attempt to catch up to the speeding men"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v162",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "daylight, woman, wearing, printed, ethnic, attire, carrying, backpack, walking, casually, looking, mobile, phone, man, scooty, came, touched, inappropriately, fled, scene, woman, shocked, stared, rider, incident, happened, seconds",
        "Human": "In daylight, a woman wearing printed ethnic attire and carrying a backpack was walking casually while looking at her mobile phone. Suddenly, a man on a scooty came close, touched her inappropriately, and fled the scene. The woman was left shocked and stared after the rider, as the incident happened within a few seconds. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: daylight, woman, wearing, printed, ethnic, attire, carrying, backpack, walking, casually, looking, mobile, phone, man, scooty, came, touched, inappropriately, fled, scene, woman, shocked, stared, rider, incident, happened, seconds. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing daylight CCTV footage, a woman, wearing printed ethnic attire and carrying a backpack, is walking casually while looking at her mobile phone. A man on a scooty came up and touched her inappropriately before fleeing the scene. The woman, shocked, stared at the rider as the incident unfolded in seconds, captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a distressing incident unfolded as a woman, adorned in vibrant ethnic attire and carrying a printed backpack, strolled casually along the sidewalk, engrossed in her mobile phone. A man on a scooty approached from behind, inching closer with each second. As he reached, he inappropriately touched the unsuspecting woman before swiftly fleeing the scene. The startled woman froze, her eyes wide, staring at the departing rider in disbelief. Witnesses nearby watched in shock as the incident transpired, their gazes fixed on the unfolding drama. The event lasted mere moments, yet its impact was palpable, serving as a chilling reminder to remain vigilant in our everyday lives.",
        "deepseek": "In a disturbing daylight incident captured on CCTV, a woman wearing printed ethnic attire and carrying a backpack was walking casually while looking at her mobile phone. A man on a scooty came from behind, touched her inappropriately, and fled the scene in seconds. The woman, left shocked and violated, stared after the rider as the entire assault happened in a fleeting moment.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a brazen act of harassment in broad daylight: a woman, wearing printed ethnic attire and carrying a backpack, was walking casually while looking at her mobile phone when a man on a scooty came up beside her, touched her inappropriately, and immediately fled the scene; the woman, visibly shocked, stared after the rider at the place where the incident happened just seconds before."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v163",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, sitting, roadside, bus, stand, waiting, bus, man, wearing, shorts, approached, attempted, pull, resisted, walked, away",
        "Human": "A woman was sitting at a roadside bus stand while waiting for her bus. A man wearing shorts approached her and attempted to pull her along with him. When the woman resisted, the man walked away from the bus stand. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, sitting, roadside, bus, stand, waiting, bus, man, wearing, shorts, approached, attempted, pull, resisted, walked, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman is sitting roadside at a bus stand, waiting for a bus, when a man, wearing shorts, approached and attempted to pull her. She resisted and walked away, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman was seated at a bus stop along a busy city roadside, patiently waiting for her ride. A man, casually dressed in shorts, strolled up to her, approaching from the direction of the departing bus. As he drew nearer, he attempted to pull her towards him, his actions evident despite the casual demeanor. The woman, displaying remarkable courage, resisted vigorously. The struggle was brief but palpable, drawing the attention of passersby. Witnesses described the man's actions as aggressive yet unsuccessful, as the woman managed to break free and walk briskly away from the scene. Authorities have launched an investigation into this incident, urging anyone with information to come forward. Remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage shows a woman sitting at a roadside bus stand waiting for a bus. A man wearing shorts approached her, grabbed her arm, and attempted to pull her away. She resisted forcefully, and after a brief struggle, the man walked away from the scene.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident at a roadside bus stand: a woman was sitting, waiting for a bus, when a man, wearing shorts, suddenly approached her, attempted to pull her, but the woman resisted the assault, causing the perpetrator to immediately walked away down the roadside."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v164",
        "Duration": "00:00:01",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, sports, attire, carrying, duffle, bag, walking, pathway, man, black, hoodie, pants, rode, bicycle, reached, grope, startled, ran, attempt, catch",
        "Human": "A woman wearing black sports attire and carrying a duffle bag was walking along a pathway when a man in a black hoodie and pants rode past her on a bicycle and reached out to grope her. The woman was startled and then ran after him in an attempt to catch him. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, sports, attire, carrying, duffle, bag, walking, pathway, man, black, hoodie, pants, rode, bicycle, reached, grope, startled, ran, attempt, catch. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, wearing black sports attire and carrying a duffle bag, is walking along a pathway when a man, in a black hoodie and pants, rode up on a bicycle and reached to grope her. Startled, she ran as he attempted to catch her, the tense and unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, dressed in black sports attire, was captured on camera while walking along a pathway with a duffle bag. A man, clad in a black hoodie and pants, was seen riding a bicycle approaching her. As he reached, he attempted to grope her, causing her to jump back in surprise. The man's actions were swiftly interrupted as a bystander emerged, startled by the situation, and managed to catch the assailant. Authorities were notified immediately, and the area is currently under investigation for any further details. Remain vigilant, keep aware of your surroundings, and report any suspicious activities to local law enforcement.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing black sports attire and carrying a duffle bag was walking along a pathway when a man in a black hoodie and pants rode up on a bicycle. As he passed, he reached out and groped her, then pedaled away. The startled woman immediately ran after him in an attempt to catch the assailant, but he escaped.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a brazen assault on a pathway as a woman, wearing black sports attire and carrying a duffle bag, was walking when a man, wearing a black hoodie and pants, rode a bicycle toward her, reached out and groped her, causing the startled woman to immediately ran after him in an attempt to catch the perpetrator"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v165",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "broad, daylight, woman, dressed, black, formal, attire, crossing, lane, people, walking, side, bicycles, parked, walkway, man, wearing, black, hoodie, rode, bicycle, attempted, touch, malicious, intent",
        "Human": "In broad daylight, a woman dressed in black formal attire was crossing a lane. People were walking on the other side, and several bicycles were parked near the walkway. As she crossed, a man wearing a black hoodie rode up on a bicycle and attempted to touch her with malicious intent. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: broad, daylight, woman, dressed, black, formal, attire, crossing, lane, people, walking, side, bicycles, parked, walkway, man, wearing, black, hoodie, rode, bicycle, attempted, touch, malicious, intent. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing broad daylight CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black formal attire, is crossing a lane while people are walking on the side and bicycles are parked along the walkway. A man, wearing a black hoodie, rode up on a bicycle and attempted to touch her with malicious intent, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a distressing incident unfolded on a busy city street. A woman, elegantly dressed in black formal attire, was crossing a lane, her every step mirrored by passersby in smart casual wear or cyclists parking their bikes on the walkway. Suddenly, a man clad in a black hoodie emerged from the crowd, mounting his bicycle. As she approached the opposite sidewalk, he made an unexpected move, attempting to reach out and touch her. The intent seemed malicious, as his actions were swift and purposeful amidst the bustling crowd. Witnesses were quick to intervene, but it was clear this act was not accidental – a chilling reminder to stay vigilant in our streets.",
        "deepseek": "In a shocking broad daylight incident, a woman dressed in black formal attire was captured on camera crossing a lane with people walking beside parked bicycles on the walkway. A man wearing a black hoodie deliberately rode his bicycle directly toward her and attempted to touch her with malicious intent, swerving away only after she recoiled in alarm.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident in broad daylight on a walkway where people were walking on the side and bicycles were parked: a woman, dressed in black, formal, attire, was crossing the lane when a man, wearing a black hoodie, rode a bicycle toward her and attempted to touch her with malicious intent before riding past"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v166",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "museum, gate, people, walking, casually, couple, strolling, pet, walkway, others, exiting, museum, woman, wearing, blue, jeans, muffler, standing, roadside, waiting, bicyclist, wearing, helmet, approached, grabbed, hand, fled, scene",
        "Human": "Outside a museum gate, several people were walking casually. A couple was strolling with their pet along the walkway, while others were exiting the museum. A woman wearing blue jeans and a muffler was standing near the roadside waiting for someone when a bicyclist wearing a helmet suddenly approached, grabbed her hand, and then fled the scene. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: museum, gate, people, walking, casually, couple, strolling, pet, walkway, others, exiting, museum, woman, wearing, blue, jeans, muffler, standing, roadside, waiting, bicyclist, wearing, helmet, approached, grabbed, hand, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage at a museum gate, people are walking casually, with a couple strolling with a pet along the walkway, and others exiting the museum. A woman, wearing blue jeans and a muffler, is standing roadside, waiting, when a bicyclist, wearing a helmet, approached, grabbed her hand, and fled the scene, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events at the local art museum, a distressing incident occurred on a busy weekday afternoon. A couple, casually strolling along the museum's walkway with their pet, were unaware of the looming danger. As they neared the museum gate, a lone woman in blue jeans and a muffler, standing roadside, watched them approach. A cyclist, wearing a helmet, dismounted his bicycle nearby. In a swift and unexpected move, the cyclist approached the woman, who then reached out and grabbed the unsuspecting couple's handbag. The couple, startled, fled the scene while the woman and the cyclist melted into the crowd. Witnesses report seeing the woman and the cyclist exchanging glances before disappearing from sight. Police are urgently seeking leads to identify these individuals and recover the stolen property. Remain vigilant, fellow citizens; be aware of your surroundings at all times.",
        "deepseek": "Disturbing CCTV footage outside a museum gate captured a typical scene of people walking casually, a couple strolling with a pet, and others exiting the building. Amid them, a woman wearing blue jeans and a muffler was standing roadside, waiting. Suddenly, a bicyclist wearing a helmet approached, forcibly grabbed her hand, and attempted to drag her away before fleeing the scene, leaving the woman visibly shaken.",
        "gemini": "Security camera footage captured a disturbing incident occurring near a museum gate where people were walking casually, a couple was strolling with a pet, and others were exiting the museum: a woman, wearing blue jeans and a muffler, was standing roadside and waiting when a bicyclist, wearing a helmet, suddenly approached, grabbed her hand aggressively, and then immediately fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v167",
        "Duration": "00:00:02",
        "keywords": "video, captured, daylight, woman, carrying, backpack, standing, walkway, carry, bag, bicycles, parked, walkway, man, wearing, helmet, black, jacket, rode, bicycle, reached, grab, hand, man, passing, react, cyclist, fled, scene",
        "Human": "The video was captured during daylight. A woman carrying a backpack was standing on a walkway with a carry bag beside her. Several bicycles were parked along the walkway. A man wearing a helmet and a black jacket rode past her on a bicycle and quickly reached out to grab her hand. Another man was passing by at the same time, but before anyone could react, the cyclist fled the scene. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: video, captured, daylight, woman, carrying, backpack, standing, walkway, carry, bag, bicycles, parked, walkway, man, wearing, helmet, black, jacket, rode, bicycle, reached, grab, hand, man, passing, react, cyclist, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing video captured in daylight, a woman, carrying a backpack, is standing on a walkway, trying to carry a bag, with bicycles parked nearby. A man, wearing a helmet and black jacket, rode up on a bicycle and reached to grab her hand. A man passing by tried to react, but the cyclist fled the scene, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In broad daylight, a chilling incident was captured on camera along a bustling city walkway. A woman, identifiable by her backpack and casual attire, stands still amidst the rhythmic flow of bicycles and pedestrians. Suddenly, a man dressed in a black jacket and helmet rides a bicycle towards her. As he reaches, he grabs her bag with a swift, menacing motion. The victim reacts in shock, but before she can respond, the cyclist flees, disappearing into the crowd. Witnesses describe the cyclist as nonchalant, seeming to blend into the urban chaos until his sinister act. This brazen snatch-and-grab incident has left the community on high alert. Authorities urge anyone with information or footage related to this incident to come forward. Stay vigilant, citizens.",
        "deepseek": "Video captured in broad daylight shows a woman carrying a backpack and standing on a walkway beside parked bicycles. A man wearing a helmet and a black jacket rode up on a bicycle, reached out, and attempted to grab her hand. A passing man nearby did not react in time as the assailant immediately fled the scene.",
        "gemini": "Security camera video captured a brazen assault in daylight on a walkway where bicycles were parked: a woman, carrying a backpack and a bag, was standing on the walkway when a man, wearing a helmet and a black jacket, rode a bicycle toward her, reached out and grabbed her hand as he passed, but another man who was passing did not react, and the cyclist fled the scene."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v168",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, white, top, black, shorts, walking, park, casually, checking, phone, cyclist, approached, groped, fled, scene, ran, attempt, catch",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a white top and black shorts was walking in a park, casually checking her phone. A cyclist suddenly approached, groped her, and fled the scene. The woman then ran after the cyclist in an attempt to catch him. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, white, top, black, shorts, walking, park, casually, checking, phone, cyclist, approached, groped, fled, scene, ran, attempt, catch. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, wearing a white top and black shorts, is walking through a park casually, checking her phone, when a cyclist approached and groped her. He then fled the scene as she ran, while he attempted to catch her, the unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman, identifiable by her white top and black shorts, was filmed in a city park during a leisurely stroll, engrossed in her phone. A cyclist, who had been observing from a distance, unexpectedly approached her, crossing the line of personal space. As the victim continued to check her phone, oblivious to the looming threat, the cyclist reached out and grotesquely gropped her. The woman reacted swiftly, yelling and shoving him away before quickly running off-camera. The suspect, seemingly taken aback but not deterred, attempted to follow but failed to catch up with the distressed woman. Police urge anyone with information or footage of this incident to come forward, emphasizing the importance of maintaining safety and vigilance in public spaces.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a white top and black shorts was walking casually through a park, checking her phone, when a cyclist suddenly approached from behind and groped her. The assailant immediately fled the scene, and the woman ran after him in a futile attempt to catch the cyclist.",
        "gemini": "In this disturbing clip, a woman wearing a white top and black shorts is seen walking through a quiet park while casually checking her phone. Suddenly, a cyclist approached from behind, groped the victim, and immediately fled the scene. The woman bravely ran in an attempt to catch the assailant, but the suspect disappeared onto the main road."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v169",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "men, riding, black, motorcycle, deserted, road, pillion, rider, wearing, white, shirt, dragged, woman, dressed, blue, kurti, fell, road, holding, handbag, managed, break, free, attacker",
        "Human": "Two men were riding a black motorcycle on a deserted road. At first, nothing seemed unusual, but the pillion rider, wearing a white shirt, suddenly dragged a woman dressed in a blue kurti after she fell onto the road. The woman, holding a handbag in her other hand, eventually managed to break free from the attacker. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: men, riding, black, motorcycle, deserted, road, pillion, rider, wearing, white, shirt, dragged, woman, dressed, blue, kurti, fell, road, holding, handbag, managed, break, free, attacker. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In alarming CCTV footage, men, riding a black motorcycle on a deserted road, with a pillion rider wearing a white shirt, dragged a woman, dressed in a blue kurti. She fell on the road, still holding her handbag, but managed to break free from the attacker, the violent incident captured in stark, unsettling detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded on a deserted stretch of road late last night. Two men, riding a black motorcycle, were seen abusing their power as they forcibly stopped a woman riding pillion. The victim, dressed in a blue kurti, was thrown off the bike when she tried to resist. She fell onto the asphalt, her handbag flying off as well. Despite her struggles, she managed to break free from the attacker's grip. The suspects, both men, were wearing white shirts and remained at the scene, seemingly unbothered by the woman's plight. Authorities urge anyone with information about this incident or the identities of the individuals involved to come forward immediately. This is a reminder to all commuters to stay vigilant, especially when traveling alone on deserted roads.",
        "deepseek": "A chilling incident on a deserted road shows two men riding a black motorcycle. The pillion rider, wearing a white shirt, leaned over and dragged a woman dressed in a blue kurti, causing her to fall onto the road as she clutched her handbag. After a brief struggle, she managed to break free from the attacker, and the motorcycle sped away.",
        "gemini": "In this intense sequence, two men are seen riding a black motorcycle down a deserted road. As they approach their target, the pillion rider, who is wearing a white shirt, reached out and dragged a woman dressed in a blue kurti. The victim fell to the road while still holding onto her handbag, but she miraculously managed to break free from her attacker before the vehicle sped away"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v170",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, entered, elevator, followed, man, wearing, white, T-shirt, went, second, floor, moved, direction, watching, went, opposite, began, running, started",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black entered an elevator, followed by a man wearing a white T-shirt. They went up to the second floor, where the woman moved in one direction while the man, watching her, went the opposite way. Suddenly, the woman began running after the man, and he started running as well. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, entered, elevator, followed, man, wearing, white, T-shirt, went, second, floor, moved, direction, watching, went, opposite, began, running, started. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "In disturbing CCTV footage, a woman, dressed in black, entered an elevator, followed by a man, wearing a white T-shirt. She went to the second floor and moved in a different direction while he continued watching. When she went opposite, he began running and started chasing her, the tense and unsettling incident captured in stark detail.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a local authorities' Crime Watch segment has revealed footage from a high-rise apartment building's security cameras. The video shows a woman, dressed in black, entering an elevator at approximately 8 PM last night. Moments later, a man, clad in a white T-shirt, follows her into the same elevator. They both exit on the second floor, with the woman moving in one direction and the man starting to run in the opposite.\n \n As the man begins running, the woman moves towards the stairs, seemingly unaware or unafraid of his actions. Minutes later, the man reappears on the first floor, out of breath, watching the entrance. The woman is not seen again in the video. This incident is under active investigation by local police, who urge anyone with information regarding this suspicious occurrence to come forward immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in black entered an elevator and was followed by a man wearing a white T-shirt. After exiting on the second floor, she moved in one direction while watching him. He initially went the opposite way but then turned and began running toward her, at which point she also started running. The footage ends as the chase continues down the corridor.",
        "gemini": "In a disturbing sequence of events caught on camera, a woman wearing a white top and black shorts was walking through a park casually checking her phone when a cyclist approached, groped her, and fled the scene, leading the victim to ran in an attempt to catch him. On a separate deserted road, two men riding a black motorcycle targeted a woman dressed in a blue kurti, where the pillion rider wearing a white shirt dragged her until she fell to the road while holding her handbag, though she managed to break free from the attacker. Finally, security footage shows a woman dressed in black who entered an elevator and was followed by a man wearing a white T-shirt; after they went to the second floor, the suspect moved in her direction, watching her, and when she went in the opposite way, he began running as the pursuit started."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v171",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, came, gate, followed, man, wearing, black, shirt, cap, stairs, walked, corridor",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black came out of a gate, followed closely by a man wearing a black shirt and a cap. Nearby, there were stairs as they walked along the corridor. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, came, gate, followed, man, wearing, black, shirt, cap, stairs, walked, corridor. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a woman dressed in black who came through the main gate followed closely by a man wearing a black shirt and cap; both walked up the stairs and down the dim corridor before the man paused at a door and the woman lingered just behind him, moments before a resident’s arrival forced them to scatter.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a woman clad in black was captured on camera approaching a property. She arrived at the gate, paused momentarily before continuing her journey. A man, similarly attired in a black shirt, cap, and with purposeful strides, could be seen walking down the stairs and entering the corridor. The woman followed, maintaining a discreet distance. They both seemed to have an apparent destination within the property, their movements synchronized yet deliberate. This sequence, recorded on CCTV, has raised concerns among neighbors, as no prior acquaintance between the two individuals is known. Authorities urge vigilance and request anyone with relevant information to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in black was seen entering through a gate and was immediately followed by a man wearing a black shirt and cap. He pursued her up the stairs and continued to walk closely behind her down a long corridor, matching her pace despite her attempts to create distance.",
        "gemini": "The security footage captures the moment the incident began: a woman, dressed completely in black, came to the entrance gate and slipped through, immediately followed by a man, wearing a black shirt and a cap. The pair then moved rapidly, ascending the stairs before continuing down a dimly lit corridor, their quickened pace and silent coordination leaving a brief, intense, and factual record of the disturbing incident caught on camera"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v172",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, shirt, fighting, woman, dressed, black-and-white, shirt, punching, knocking, ground, men, fighting, blue, jacket, dressed, black, incident, empty, street, lined, parked, cars",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white shirt was fighting with a woman dressed in a black-and-white shirt, punching her and eventually knocking her to the ground. Nearby, two other men were also fighting, one in a blue jacket and the other dressed in black. The incident took place on an empty street lined with parked cars. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, shirt, fighting, woman, dressed, black-and-white, shirt, punching, knocking, ground, men, fighting, blue, jacket, dressed, black, incident, empty, street, lined, parked, cars. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Caught on an empty street lined with parked cars, surveillance shows a man wearing a white shirt and a woman dressed in a black-and-white shirt in a violent struggle; the man is seen punching the woman multiple times before knocking her to the ground. Seconds later, men fighting erupt as another individual in a blue jacket joins the fray, escalating the incident before bystanders intervene and the assailants flee the scene.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera in an otherwise quiet, lined street filled with parked cars. The incident occurred between multiple individuals, including a man clad in a white shirt and a woman adorned in a black-and-white shirt.\n \n The footage begins with the man in the white shirt and the woman in the black-and-white shirt exchanging heated words. The situation rapidly escalates as the man lunges at the woman, delivering a hard punch that sends her crashing to the ground. Bystanders can be heard gasping in shock.\n \n Another man, wearing a blue jacket, attempts to intervene but is met with physical resistance from the aggressor. The scene is chaotic, with people shouting and attempting to separate the combatants.\n \n The incident, which took place on an empty street, is a stark contrast to the usual tranquility of the area. Authorities have been notified, and the individuals involved are yet to be identified. This incident serves as a grim reminder of the importance of maintaining peace and respect in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "On an empty street lined with parked cars, a man wearing a white shirt is seen violently fighting a woman dressed in a black-and-white shirt, punching her and knocking her to the ground. Nearby, two other men—one in a blue jacket and another dressed in black—are also engaged in a physical fight, escalating the chaotic incident.",
        "gemini": "A horrifying incident was captured on camera at 2:15 AM on an otherwise empty street lined with parked cars. The footage opens with a man, wearing a white shirt, actively fighting with a woman, dressed in a black-and-white shirt. The man is seen punching the woman, quickly knocking her to the ground. Moments later, two additional men are seen approaching, one dressed in black and the other in a blue jacket, who immediately begin fighting with the man in the white shirt, escalating the violence in the cold, harsh glare of the streetlights."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v173",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, red, fighting, man, wearing, white, vest, punched, fell, ground, continuing, struggle, sidewalk",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in red was fighting with a man wearing a white vest. They punched each other and eventually fell to the ground, continuing to struggle on the sidewalk. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, red, fighting, man, wearing, white, vest, punched, fell, ground, continuing, struggle, sidewalk. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Security footage shows a woman, dressed in red, fighting with a man wearing a white vest on a public sidewalk. The man is punched, fell to the ground, and the confrontation escalates into a continuing struggle as bystanders look on. Authorities say the video is under review as investigators work to identify those involved.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events captured on CCTV footage, a violent altercation unfolded on a city sidewalk. A woman, dressed in a striking red ensemble, was seen engaged in a brutal physical confrontation with a man wearing a white vest. The incident began when the woman unexpectedly threw a punch, connecting squarely with the man's face. He retaliated, causing both to fall harshly onto the ground. Despite their chaotic struggle, it was evident that the woman was the initial aggressor. Bystanders watched in shock as the fight continued, their attempts at intervention proving futile. The altercation persisted until the authorities arrived, bringing a temporary halt to the ongoing brawl. Both parties were subsequently apprehended by the police for further investigation.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in red is seen fighting a man wearing a white vest on a public sidewalk. The man punched her forcefully, causing her to fall to the ground, but she continued to struggle as he stood over her, escalating the violent confrontation.",
        "gemini": "A horrifying incident was captured on camera at 2:15 AM on an otherwise empty street lined with parked cars. The footage opens with a man, wearing a white shirt, actively fighting with a woman, dressed in a black-and-white shirt. The man is seen punching the woman, quickly knocking her to the ground. Moments later, two additional men are seen approaching, one dressed in black and the other in a blue jacket, who immediately begin fighting with the man in the white shirt, escalating the violence in the cold, harsh glare of the streetlights"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v174",
        "Duration": "00:00:06",
        "keywords": "women, dressed, black, white, fighting, corner, classroom, man, wearing, red, stood, attempting, hold, continued, punching",
        "Human": "Two women one dressed in black and the other in white, were fighting each other in a corner of a classroom. A man wearing red stood between them, attempting to hold them back, but the women continued punching one another. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: women, dressed, black, white, fighting, corner, classroom, man, wearing, red, stood, attempting, hold, continued, punching. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance video captures women, dressed in black and white, fighting in the corner of a classroom. A man, wearing red, stood nearby, attempting to hold them back as the altercation continued, with repeated punching visible on camera. Investigators are reviewing the footage to determine what led to the incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded in a classroom corner, captured on camera. Two women, one dressed in black, the other in white, engaged in a vicious fight. The black-clad woman, wearing a red top, attempted to hold her opponent at bay, but the white-dressed woman continued to punch relentlessly. A bystander, a man wearing casual attire, stood nearby, seemingly unable or unwilling to intervene. The chaotic scene lasted several minutes before order was restored. Authorities are investigating this shocking incident, urging any witnesses to come forward with information.",
        "deepseek": "Surveillance video inside a classroom shows two women—one dressed in black and the other in white—violently fighting in a corner. A man wearing a red shirt stood nearby, attempting to hold them apart, but the struggle intensified as they continued punching and shoving each other relentlessly.",
        "gemini": "A horrifying incident was captured on camera at 2:15 AM on an otherwise empty street lined with parked cars. The footage opens with a man, wearing a white shirt, actively fighting with a woman, dressed in a black-and-white shirt. The man is seen punching the woman, quickly knocking her to the ground. Moments later, two additional men are seen approaching, one dressed in black and the other in a blue jacket, who immediately begin fighting with the man in the white shirt, escalating the violence in the cold, harsh glare of the streetlights"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v175",
        "Duration": "00:00:05",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, blue, shirt, assaulting, women, road, silver, car, dressed, blue, tops, wearing, black, top, pulled, hair, knocked, ground",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a blue shirt was assaulting several other women on the road near a silver car. Two of the women were dressed in blue tops and one was wearing a black top. She pulled their hair and knocked them to the ground. Preliminary findings indicate Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, blue, shirt, assaulting, women, road, silver, car, dressed, blue, tops, wearing, black, top, pulled, hair, knocked, ground. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Traffic camera footage shows a woman, wearing a blue shirt, assaulting women on the road beside a silver car. The victims, dressed in blue tops, with one wearing a black top, are seen as the suspect pulled one by the hair and knocked her to the ground. Police say the incident is under investigation as the video circulates.",
        "Mistral": "In an alarming turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera today. A woman, identifiable by her blue shirt and blue tops, is seen assaulting multiple women near a roadside. The suspect's aggression unfolds as she approaches a silver car, where three victims were seated. One of the victims, a woman dressed in a black top, is forcibly pulled from the vehicle.\n \n The assailant then grabs the victim's hair, violently knocking her down to the ground. Bystanders can be heard shouting and attempting to intervene, but their efforts seem futile. Police have been alerted, and they are actively searching for the suspect and witnesses. If you have any information regarding this incident or recognize the woman in the blue shirt, please contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A violent altercation on a road was captured on camera, showing a woman wearing a blue shirt assaulting two other women near a silver car. One victim, dressed in a blue top, was knocked to the ground, while the other, wearing a black top, had her hair pulled violently by the assailant.",
        "gemini": "A disturbing incident was recorded on a road near a silver car. A woman, wearing a blue shirt, was actively assaulting another group of women. One woman, dressed in blue tops, and another wearing a black top, were violently engaged in the struggle. The woman in the blue shirt was seen to have pulled the hair of one of the victims before knocking her to the ground, creating a chaotic and factual scene of intense roadside violence."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v176",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, brown, vest, knocking, punching, woman, dressed, white, people, tried, intervene, stop, fight, women, brown, vests, men, wearing, black, black-and-blue, shirts",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a brown vest was knocking down and punching a woman dressed in white. Several people tried to intervene and stop the fight, including women in brown vests and men wearing black or black-and-blue shirts. This may involve a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, brown, vest, knocking, punching, woman, dressed, white, people, tried, intervene, stop, fight, women, brown, vests, men, wearing, black, black-and-blue, shirts. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a woman, wearing a brown vest, knocking and punching another woman, dressed in white, as a chaotic confrontation unfolds. People tried to intervene and stop the fight involving multiple women in brown vests, while men, wearing black and black-and-blue shirts, stand nearby as the incident remains under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident, captured on CCTV footage, a distressing altercation unfolded at approximately 6 PM yesterday. A woman, identifiable by her brown vest, is seen initiating the confrontation by knocking on another woman's door, who is dressed in white. The brown-vested woman then proceeds to punch her counterpart multiple times. Bystanders, primarily men clad in black shirts, attempted to intervene but were unable to effectively halt the fight. Both women can be seen engaged in the physical altercation, their brown vests and white attire stark against the backdrop of the scene. The brown-vested woman was later observed walking away, leaving the other woman visibly distressed and sporting signs of injury, including black-and-blue marks. Authorities have been notified, and the investigation is ongoing.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage shows a woman wearing a brown vest knocking and repeatedly punching a woman dressed in white on a public street. Several people tried to intervene and stop the fight, but they were held back by two other women in brown vests and men wearing black and black-and-blue shirts, who actively blocked the bystanders' efforts.",
        "gemini": "A disturbing incident was recorded showing a woman, wearing a brown vest, actively knocking down and punching another woman, dressed in white. Several people tried to intervene and stop the fight. The chaotic scene involved multiple women in brown vests and several men, wearing black and black-and-blue shirts, all caught in the escalating conflict."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v177",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, black, ran, woman, dressed, black, began, punching, fell, ground, struck, causing, fall",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in black ran toward another woman also dressed in black, and they began punching each other. One of the women fell to the ground, and the other woman struck her again, causing her to fall once more. The situation suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, black, ran, woman, dressed, black, began, punching, fell, ground, struck, causing, fall. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage captures a woman, dressed in black, who ran toward another woman, also dressed in black, and began punching her without warning. The victim fell to the ground after being struck, the impact causing a sudden fall as the incident unfolds on camera. Investigators say the video is under review.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbance was captured on camera in broad daylight. A woman, distinctly dressed in black, was seen running towards another woman, also dressed in black. The pursuer began to punch without warning, connecting several blows before falling to the ground herself. The victim, initially standing, was struck forcefully, causing her to stumble and fall onto the hard concrete surface. Witnesses describe the scene as chaotic, with bystanders attempting to intervene but ultimately unable to stop the altercation. Police have been notified and are currently investigating this violent incident. We urge anyone with information to come forward, ensuring justice for all parties involved.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage captures a woman dressed in black running toward another woman, also dressed in black. The assailant immediately began punching the victim, who fell to the ground. The attacker then struck her again while she was down, causing her to fall completely prone.",
        "gemini": "A shocking incident, captured by surveillance footage earlier this week, shows the moment a woman dressed in black ran across the street and violently assaulted another person. The footage shows the woman dressed in black began punching the victim repeatedly until she fell to the ground. Even after the victim fell, the attacker continued to strike, ultimately causing the victim to fall and lose consciousness. Police are urging anyone who can identify the assailant to come forward. The victim remains hospitalized with serious injuries."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v178",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, green, shirt, woman, black, top, fighting, classroom, punching, kicking, people, present",
        "Human": "A man wearing a green shirt and a woman in a black top were fighting inside a classroom, punching and kicking each other while other people were present. This incident appears consistent with Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, green, shirt, woman, black, top, fighting, classroom, punching, kicking, people, present. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Classroom surveillance video shows a man, wearing a green shirt, and a woman in a black top fighting inside a classroom. The footage captures punching and kicking as the confrontation unfolds with people present nearby. Authorities say the incident is being reviewed to determine what led to the altercation.",
        "Mistral": "In a shocking turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded in a local classroom yesterday. The incident was captured on camera, revealing a man clad in a green shirt engaged in a brutal physical fight with a woman dressed in a black top. Witnesses report that both individuals were seen throwing punches and kicks, causing distress among the other people present. The chaotic scene saw furniture being overturned as the pair continued their aggressive behavior. Authorities have identified the man and woman involved and are currently investigating the cause of this unexpected outburst. The community is urged to remain vigilant and report any similar incidents promptly to local law enforcement for further investigation.",
        "deepseek": "Security footage from a classroom shows a man in a green shirt violently fighting a woman in a black top. The man is seen punching and kicking the woman as she attempts to defend herself, while several other people are present in the room, observing the assault without immediate intervention.",
        "gemini": "A disturbing incident of violence was recorded in a local classroom this week. Surveillance footage shows a man wearing a green shirt and a woman in a black top fighting intensely. The footage captured both individuals punching and kicking each other violently as several people present looked on. Authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the altercation. Anyone with information on the involved individuals or the incident itself is asked to contact the police immediately"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v179",
        "Duration": "00:00:04",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, black, shorts, sitting, neck, man, half-naked, lying, ground",
        "Human": "A man wearing black shorts was sitting on the neck of another man who was lying on the ground. Observations indicate potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, black, shorts, sitting, neck, man, half-naked, lying, ground. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a man, wearing black shorts, sitting on the neck of another man, who appears half-naked and lying on the ground. The scene is tense and unmoving as the restraint continues, prompting authorities to review the video as part of an ongoing investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In a chilling turn of events, a disturbing incident unfolded in broad daylight, captured on CCTV cameras. A man, identified only by his clothing, was seen half-naked, lying on the ground. He was wearing black shorts that contrasted starkly with the scene. The man, initially sitting, seemed to be in a state of distress, his neck appearing unusually still. As the minutes passed, his position did not change significantly, raising concerns for his wellbeing. The incident is under investigation, with local authorities urging anyone with information regarding this individual or the circumstances leading up to the incident to come forward. This incident serves as a grim reminder to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing video shows a man wearing black shorts sitting on the neck of another, half-naked man who is lying motionless on the ground. The sustained pressure is applied for an extended period before bystanders eventually intervene.",
        "gemini": "Police are investigating a disturbing assault captured on video. The footage shows a man wearing black shorts sitting on the victim's neck. The victim, a man half-naked, is lying on the ground. The intensity of the situation has raised serious concerns about the safety of the individual on the ground. Authorities are seeking immediate information regarding the identity of the assailant and the condition of the victim"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v180",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, white, vest, on, woman, dressed, pink, fought, hood, car, woman, orange, top, fighting, boy, dressed, black, engaged, fight, road, near",
        "Human": "A man wearing a white vest was on top of a woman dressed in pink as they fought on the hood of a car. At the same time, a woman in an orange top was fighting with a boy dressed in black. All of them were engaged in a fight on the road near the car. This case is suspected to involve Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, white, vest, on, woman, dressed, pink, fought, hood, car, woman, orange, top, fighting, boy, dressed, black, engaged, fight, road, near. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a man, wearing a white vest, on the hood of a car, as a woman, dressed in pink, fought back during a roadside confrontation. Nearby, another woman in an orange top is seen fighting with a boy, dressed in black, both engaged in a separate fight on the road, near the vehicle. Authorities say the chaotic scene is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a viral video captures a violent altercation on a bustling urban street. The video begins with a man, identifiable by his white vest, approaching a woman dressed in pink. As they come closer to a hooded car, the situation escalates. A second woman, clad in an orange top, becomes involved, engaging in a heated argument with the man. Suddenly, a boy in black clothing joins the fray, igniting a physical confrontation that spills onto the road. Bystanders attempt to intervene, but their efforts prove futile as the quartet continues their fierce struggle. Police have been notified and are currently investigating this disturbing incident. We urge anyone with information regarding this case to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A violent melee was caught on camera on a road near a parked car. A man wearing a white vest is seen on top of a woman dressed in pink, who fought back as he held onto her hood. Nearby, another woman in an orange top and a boy dressed in black were also engaged in a separate, intense fight, creating a chaotic scene of multiple simultaneous assaults.",
        "gemini": "Authorities are investigating a chaotic and disturbing incident of violence captured on camera near a road. The footage shows a man wearing a white vest on the hood of a car, fighting with a woman dressed in pink. Simultaneously, another woman in an orange top was fighting a boy dressed in black. All four individuals were violently engaged in a fight. Police are seeking information regarding this public altercation"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v181",
        "Duration": "00:00:03",
        "keywords": "man, wearing, red, vest, pushed, woman, dressed, white, top, holding, trolley, bag, causing, fall, police, officer, grabbed, neck, forced, ground, people, present, scene, incident, occurred, sidewalk",
        "Human": "A man wearing a red vest pushed a woman dressed in a white top who was holding a trolley bag, causing her to fall. A police officer then grabbed the man by the neck and forced him to the ground. Several people were present at the scene, and the incident occurred on the sidewalk. This appears to be a probable Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: man, wearing, red, vest, pushed, woman, dressed, white, top, holding, trolley, bag, causing, fall, police, officer, grabbed, neck, forced, ground, people, present, scene, incident, occurred, sidewalk. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Security camera footage shows a man, wearing a red vest, who pushed a woman, dressed in a white top, as she was holding a trolley bag, causing her to fall on the sidewalk. Moments later, a police officer is seen intervening, grabbed the man by the neck and forced him to the ground. People were present at the scene as the incident occurred, and authorities say the case is under review.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded on the city's bustling sidewalk yesterday evening. A man, clad in a red vest, was captured on camera forcefully pushing a woman, dressed in a white top, who was carefully managing a shopping trolley laden with bags. The impact caused the woman to lose her footing, falling unceremoniously to the pavement. Witnesses report that a police officer arrived promptly, restraining the aggressive individual by grabbing his arm before he could escalate further. The distressed woman was assisted back onto her feet, visibly shaken but physically unharmed. The incident, witnessed by numerous passersby, is currently under investigation by local authorities.",
        "deepseek": "A shocking incident occurred on a public sidewalk where a man wearing a red vest pushed a woman dressed in a white top who was holding a trolley bag, causing her to fall. A police officer on the scene then intervened by grabbing the man by the neck and forcing him to the ground, as other people present witnessed the altercation.",
        "gemini": "A disturbing incident occurred on a sidewalk, captured by surveillance footage, showing a confrontation between an officer and a civilian. A man wearing a red vest pushed a woman dressed in a white top who was holding a trolley and a bag, causing her to fall. As people present looked on at the scene, a police officer grabbed the man's neck, forced him to the ground, and then restrained him. Police are investigating the full circumstances of the incident."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v182",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, blue, hoodie, standing, kitchen, man, dressed, blue, shirt, white, cap, grabbed, collar, harassed, began, arguing",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a blue hoodie was standing inside the kitchen with a man dressed in a blue shirt and a white cap. Suddenly, the man grabbed her by the collar, harassed her, and began arguing with her. The incident is likely a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, blue, hoodie, standing, kitchen, man, dressed, blue, shirt, white, cap, grabbed, collar, harassed, began, arguing. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance video shows a woman, wearing a blue hoodie, standing in a kitchen, when a man, dressed in a blue shirt and white cap, suddenly grabbed her collar. Investigators say the woman was harassed as the confrontation began, with both parties arguing before the footage cuts off. Authorities are reviewing the incident.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a disturbing incident was captured on camera in a residential area. A woman, clad in a blue hoodie, was observed standing in a kitchen. Simultaneously, a man, dressed in a blue shirt and white cap, approached her. The man, without provocation, reached out and grabbed the woman's collar, initiating a heated argument that escalated quickly. Police have released this footage as part of their investigation into what appears to be harassment or assault. If you recognize either individual or have information regarding this incident, please contact local authorities immediately. This is a reminder to maintain safety and respect in our communities.",
        "deepseek": "CCTV footage from a kitchen shows a woman wearing a blue hoodie standing near the counter. A man dressed in a blue shirt and a white cap entered, aggressively grabbed her by the collar, and harassed her, after which a heated argument began. The woman is seen trying to push him away as the confrontation escalates.",
        "gemini": "Police are investigating a disturbing incident, possibly domestic, captured by a kitchen surveillance camera. The footage shows a woman wearing a blue hoodie standing in the kitchen while a man dressed in a blue shirt and white cap grabbed her collar and harassed her. The two then began arguing intensely. Authorities are urging anyone with knowledge of this incident or the individuals involved to contact them immediately"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v183",
        "Duration": "00:00:18",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, white, kurti, involved, fight, elderly, man, wearing, white, shirt, younger, dressed, white, shirt, altercation, fell, ground, stood, pointed, finger, people, stood, watching",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a white kurti was involved in a fight with an elderly man wearing a white shirt and a younger man also dressed in a white shirt. During the altercation, the elderly man fell to the ground, then stood up and pointed a finger at them, while many people stood around watching. This may be a suspected Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, white, kurti, involved, fight, elderly, man, wearing, white, shirt, younger, dressed, white, shirt, altercation, fell, ground, stood, pointed, finger, people, stood, watching. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a woman, dressed in a white kurti, involved in a fight with an elderly man, wearing a white shirt, as a younger, dressed in a white shirt, joins the altercation. One man fell to the ground, then stood and pointed a finger as people stood watching the confrontation unfold. Authorities say the incident is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation was captured on camera in broad daylight. A white-kurta clad woman, seemingly in her mid-50s, became embroiled in a heated argument with an elderly man, who was similarly attired in a white shirt. The pair, both dressed in contrasting whites, could be seen standing toe-to-toe, their voices rising as they exchanged heated words.\n \n In a sudden escalation, the younger woman reached out, pointing an accusing finger at the older man. He responded by lunging forward, leading to a physical confrontation. They both fell to the ground, grappling with each other. People nearby, initially taken aback, soon gathered around, their expressions a mix of shock and disbelief.\n \n The altercation continued for several moments before the pair separated, both standing up and brushing themselves off. Bystanders were left standing, silent and watchful, as the two antagonists glared at each other before disappearing from view. Police have been notified, and investigations are underway to determine the cause of this unfortunate incident.",
        "deepseek": "A woman dressed in a white kurti was involved in a physical fight with two men—an elderly man wearing a white shirt and a younger man also dressed in a white shirt—on a public street. During the violent altercation, the elderly man fell to the ground. After getting up, he stood and pointed his finger accusingly at the woman, while several other people stood nearby, passively watching the entire incident.",
        "gemini": "Police are reviewing surveillance footage of a disturbing public altercation where a woman dressed in a white kurti was involved in a fight with two men. The incident shows the woman and a younger man dressed in a white shirt engaged in a struggle with an elderly man wearing a white shirt, who eventually fell to the ground. Following the fall, the younger man stood over the elderly man and pointed his finger at him. Several people stood watching the volatile scene unfold. Authorities are urging witnesses to come forward"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v184",
        "Duration": "00:00:07",
        "keywords": "woman, dressed, pink, kurti, standing, doorway, empty, road, man, riding, bike, wearing, red, shirt, approached, sexually, harassed, touching, back, sped, away",
        "Human": "A woman dressed in a pink kurti was standing near a doorway on an empty road when a man riding a bike, wearing a red shirt, suddenly approached her, sexually harassed her by touching her back, and then sped away. Initial assessment suggests possible Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, dressed, pink, kurti, standing, doorway, empty, road, man, riding, bike, wearing, red, shirt, approached, sexually, harassed, touching, back, sped, away. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a woman, dressed in a pink kurti, standing in a doorway along an empty road, when a man, riding a bike and wearing a red shirt, approached. The video captures the suspect sexually harassed her by touching her back before he sped away from the scene. Police say the incident is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a woman, elegantly attired in a pink kurti, stood alone in a vacant doorway, her home momentarily an empty shell behind her. As she gazed out onto the empty road, a man appeared on a red-shirted motorbike. He rode up to her, his approach deliberate and intimidating. The man dismounted, approaching her, and despite her visible discomfort, he sexually harassed her, reaching out to touch her back. The woman recoiled, but the man seemed unfazed, before swiftly mounting his bike again and driving off. This incident occurred at [location], and we urge anyone with information regarding this incident or the identity of the perpetrator to contact local authorities immediately.",
        "deepseek": "A disturbing incident on an empty road shows a woman dressed in a pink kurti standing in a doorway. A man riding a bike and wearing a red shirt approached her, sexually harassed her by touching her back, and then immediately sped away, leaving the victim visibly shaken.",
        "gemini": "Police are investigating a disturbing incident of sexual harassment captured on surveillance footage. A woman dressed in a pink kurti was standing in a doorway facing an empty road. A man riding a bike, wearing a red shirt, approached the woman and sexually harassed her by touching her back. The assailant immediately sped away on his bike. Authorities are seeking assistance in identifying the suspect"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v185",
        "Duration": "00:00:00",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, black, pullover, came, lobby, carrying, handbag, man, black, jacket, followed, staircase, grabbed, began, attacking, resisted, fought, fled, scene",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a black pullover came out of a lobby carrying a handbag, while a man in a black jacket followed her. Near a staircase, the man grabbed her and began attacking her. When the woman resisted and fought back, the man fled the scene. This seems to indicate a Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, black, pullover, came, lobby, carrying, handbag, man, black, jacket, followed, staircase, grabbed, began, attacking, resisted, fought, fled, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Security footage shows a woman, wearing a black pullover, who came into a building lobby carrying a handbag. A man in a black jacket followed her toward a staircase, then grabbed her and began attacking. The woman resisted, fought back, and the suspect fled the scene as the struggle unfolded on camera. Authorities are reviewing the footage as part of an active investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a violent altercation unfolded in broad daylight at a local building. A woman, dressed in a black pullover, entered the lobby, carrying a handbag, followed by a man in a black jacket. The woman started ascending the staircase, only for the man to follow, quickly closing the distance between them. Suddenly, the man grabbed the woman, initiating a physical confrontation. The woman resisted fiercely, engaging in a heated struggle with her attacker. The fight spilled into the open, causing a commotion that drew attention from passersby. After a tense and chaotic minute, the woman managed to break free, visibly shaken but seemingly unharmed. She quickly fled the scene, leaving the man still in the lobby, clearly disoriented. Authorities were immediately notified, and the area is currently under investigation. We urge anyone with information relevant to this incident to contact local law enforcement. Stay vigilant, community members.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a black pullover entered a lobby carrying a handbag. A man in a black jacket followed her toward the staircase, where he suddenly grabbed her and began attacking. She resisted and fought back fiercely, causing the assailant to eventually break off the assault and flee the scene.",
        "gemini": "Police are investigating a disturbing attempted robbery and assault captured on security cameras. A woman wearing a black pullover came into the lobby, carrying a handbag. She was followed by a man in a black jacket who waited until she reached the staircase, then grabbed her and began attacking her. The footage shows the woman resisted and fought back, causing the assailant to ultimately fled the scene. Authorities are seeking information to identify the suspect."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v186",
        "Duration": "00:00:22",
        "keywords": "elderly, woman, wearing, printed, frock, standing, doorway, house, woman, dressed, top, jeans, approached, tried, enter, blocked, way, pushed, back, continued, trying, force, grabbed, picked, stick, causing, flee, scene",
        "Human": "An elderly woman wearing a printed frock was standing near the doorway of her house when another woman, dressed in a top and jeans, approached and tried to enter. The elderly woman first blocked her way and pushed her back. When the woman continued trying to force her way inside, the elderly woman grabbed her and picked up a stick, causing the other woman to flee the scene. The footage points to potential Harassment.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: elderly, woman, wearing, printed, frock, standing, doorway, house, woman, dressed, top, jeans, approached, tried, enter, blocked, way, pushed, back, continued, trying, force, grabbed, picked, stick, causing, flee, scene. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance video shows an elderly woman, wearing a printed frock, standing in the doorway of her house, when another woman, dressed in a top and jeans, approached and tried to enter. The elderly woman blocked the way and was pushed back as the suspect continued trying to force her way inside. The victim grabbed and picked up a stick, causing the intruder to flee the scene. Authorities say the incident is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling turn of events, a distressing incident unfolded at a residential property. A senior woman, elegantly attired in a printed frock and complemented with a casual top and jeans, stood in the doorway of her house. As another woman, also dressed casually in top and jeans, approached, the situation escalated swiftly. The approaching woman tried to enter the house but was met with resistance as the elderly woman blocked her path. In a forceful manner, the intruder pushed the older woman back into the house, continuing to try and force her way inside. At one point, the intruder picked up a long wooden stick, causing further alarm. The elderly woman, visibly frightened, attempted to flee the scene but was pursued by the intruder who grabbed her once more. Police have been alerted and are investigating this aggressive incident. Residents are advised to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.",
        "deepseek": "An elderly woman wearing a printed frock was standing in the doorway of her house when a younger woman dressed in a top and jeans approached and tried to force her way inside. The elderly woman blocked her way and pushed her back, but the intruder continued trying to force entry, grabbed a nearby stick, and raised it threateningly, causing the elderly resident to retreat and the assailant to eventually flee the scene.",
        "gemini": "CCTV footage captured a disturbing incident where an elderly woman, wearing a printed frock, was standing in the doorway of her house when a second woman, dressed in a top and jeans, approached and tried to enter. The elderly woman physically blocked the suspect's way, but the assailant forcefully pushed her back and continued trying to gain entry by force. In a shocking escalation, the suspect grabbed and picked up a stick, causing the elderly woman to immediately flee the scene"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v187",
        "Duration": "00:00:15",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, blue, sweatshirt, talking, man, dressed, black, jacket, blue, jeans, standing, courtyard, car, parked, heated, argument, grabbed, neck, pinned, front, pushed, forcibly, made, get, into",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a blue sweatshirt was talking to a man dressed in a black jacket and blue jeans while standing in a courtyard with a blue car parked nearby. After a heated argument, the man grabbed her by the neck and pinned her near the front of the car. After a while, he pushed her and forcibly made her get into the car. This is possibly a Harassment incident.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, blue, sweatshirt, talking, man, dressed, black, jacket, blue, jeans, standing, courtyard, car, parked, heated, argument, grabbed, neck, pinned, front, pushed, forcibly, made, get, into. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Surveillance footage shows a woman, wearing a blue sweatshirt, talking with a man, dressed in a black jacket and blue jeans, standing in a courtyard near a car parked nearby. The exchange turns into a heated argument when the man grabbed her neck, pinned her to the front, then pushed her forcibly and made her get into the vehicle. Authorities say the incident is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unsettling incident captured on CCTV, a heated argument unfolded in a city courtyard between a woman, distinctly dressed in a blue sweatshirt, and a man clad in a black jacket and blue jeans. The scene was set amidst the tranquil backdrop of a parked car, their voices rising above the usual courtyard hum. The woman, visibly agitated, was speaking animatedly, while the man responded forcefully. Suddenly, the man reached out, grabbing the woman's neck, and began to pin her against him. He then pushed her forcefully to the ground, managing to get her into a hold. The woman struggled, but the man maintained his grip, causing concern among passersby who quickly intervened. Police were alerted, and the man was subsequently apprehended. Authorities are investigating this violent altercation further.",
        "deepseek": "In a residential courtyard, a woman in a blue sweatshirt was talking with a man dressed in a black jacket and blue jeans near a parked car. Their discussion turned into a heated argument, at which point the man grabbed her by the neck, pinned her against the front of the vehicle, and then pushed her forcibly, making her get into the car before he drove away.",
        "gemini": "CCTV footage captured a volatile confrontation in a courtyard near a parked car where a woman, wearing a blue sweatshirt, was talking with a man, dressed in a black jacket and blue jeans, which quickly escalated into a heated argument. The situation turned violent when the man suddenly grabbed the woman's neck, pinned her to the front of the vehicle, violently pushed her, and forcibly made her get into the car against her will"
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v188",
        "Duration": "00:00:23",
        "keywords": "woman, wearing, red, saree, sitting, chair, shop, exchange, threw, something, shopkeeper, dressed, white, shirt, became, angry, began, assaulting, repeatedly, slapping, forcing, out",
        "Human": "A woman wearing a red saree was sitting on a chair inside a shop. After a brief exchange, she threw something at the shopkeeper’s face. The shopkeeper, dressed in a white shirt, became angry and began assaulting her, repeatedly slapping her and forcing her out of the shop. Evidence suggests a likely Harassment case.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: woman, wearing, red, saree, sitting, chair, shop, exchange, threw, something, shopkeeper, dressed, white, shirt, became, angry, began, assaulting, repeatedly, slapping, forcing, out. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "Security camera footage shows a woman, wearing a red saree, sitting on a chair inside a shop, when an exchange escalates and she threw something at the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper, dressed in a white shirt, became angry and began assaulting her, repeatedly slapping and forcing her out of the premises. Police say the incident is under investigation.",
        "Mistral": "In an unnerving turn of events, a woman, elegantly attired in a vibrant red saree, was captured on surveillance footage in a local store. The incident unfolded as she sat calmly on a chair, engaged in a seemingly ordinary transaction with the shopkeeper, who was dressed in a crisp white shirt. However, tensions escalated when the woman, for reasons yet unknown, threw an item across the shop. The shopkeeper, visibly angered, responded by assaulting her, repeatedly slapping the woman. He continued this violent outburst, forcing her out of the establishment against her will. Police have been notified, and the shopkeeper is currently under investigation for assault charges. We urge anyone with information regarding this incident to come forward.",
        "deepseek": "A woman wearing a red saree was seen sitting on a chair inside a shop during an exchange. She reportedly threw something, after which the shopkeeper, dressed in a white shirt, became enraged. He began assaulting her, repeatedly slapping her and forcing her out of the shop onto the street.",
        "gemini": "CCTV footage captured a disturbing incident inside a shop where a woman, wearing a red saree, was sitting on a chair and attempting an exchange of goods. The woman threw something at the shopkeeper, dressed in a white shirt, who immediately became angry and began assaulting her. The shopkeeper was seen repeatedly slapping the woman and ultimately forcing her out of the store."
    },
    {
        "video": "Harassment_v189",
        "Duration": "00:00:10",
        "keywords": "scene, disturbing, clearly, shows, physical, abuse, woman, green, kurti, being, assaulted, asking, other, stop, makes, behavior, unacceptable, alarming, man, lack, reaction, entering, frame, concerning, suggests, neglect, silent, approval, intervening, stop, violence",
        "Human": "This scene is disturbing and clearly shows physical abuse. The woman in the green kurti is being assaulted despite asking the other woman to stop, which makes the behavior unacceptable and alarming. The man’s lack of reaction after entering the frame is also concerning, as it suggests neglect or silent approval instead of intervening to stop the violence. This could be a Harassment scenario.",
        "prompt": "Write a description of a disturbing incident caught on camera, using the keyword: scene, disturbing, clearly, shows, physical, abuse, woman, green, kurti, being, assaulted, asking, other, stop, makes, behavior, unacceptable, alarming, man, lack, reaction, entering, frame, concerning, suggests, neglect, silent, approval, intervening, stop, violence. It should read like a 'Crime Watch' segment—brief, factual, and intense.",
        "chat_gpt": "The scene is disturbing and clearly shows physical abuse as a woman in a green kurti is being assaulted, heard asking other individuals to stop. The footage makes the behavior unacceptable and alarming, while a man’s lack of reaction after entering the frame is concerning. Investigators say the apparent neglect, silent approval, and failure to intervening to stop the violence are under review.",
        "Mistral": "In this unsettling footage, a distressing scene unfolds as a woman, clad in a vibrant green kurti, is visibly being physically assaulted. The camera's clear perspective does not miss the brutal display of power. The attacker, a man, seems to lose control, striking the victim repeatedly without any apparent provocation. The woman's pleas for him to \"stop\" echo through the frame, but her cries fall on deaf ears. The bystanders remain silent, their reactions absent, suggesting an alarming acceptance or fear of such violence. This concerning behavior is further highlighted by the lack of immediate intervention. The scene, though brief, is long enough to suggest a history of neglect and silence towards domestic abuse. This incident serves as a stark reminder that such unacceptable behavior continues unchecked in many homes, and calls upon us all to be more vigilant and supportive when we witness violence.",
        "deepseek": "The disturbing scene clearly shows the physical abuse of a woman in a green kurti as she is being assaulted and is heard asking the man to stop. His violent behavior is unacceptable and alarming. Another man is seen entering the frame, but his complete lack of reaction is deeply concerning, suggesting either neglect or silent approval, as he makes no move to intervene and stop the violence.",
        "gemini": "CCTV footage captured a disturbing scene that clearly shows physical abuse where a woman, wearing a green kurti, is being assaulted while asking the other person to stop. This unacceptable and alarming behavior is made more concerning by the lack of reaction from a man entering the frame, which suggests neglect or silent approval rather than intervening to stop the violence"
    }]
